nohup: ignoring input
You have chosen to seed training with seed 2021.
CUDA device count : 2
Save anchors to anchors.txt
module.backbone.feature_extract.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.downsample.0.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.downsample.1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.downsample.1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.downsample.0.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.downsample.1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.downsample.1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.downsample.0.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.downsample.1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.downsample.1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.downsample.0.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.downsample.1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.downsample.1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn3.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.conv1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn1.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn1.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.conv2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn2.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn2.bias False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.conv3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn3.weight False
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn3.bias False
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.3.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.4.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.4.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.6.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.7.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.7.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.9.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.10.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.10.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.12.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.13.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.13.bias True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze1.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze1.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze1.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.3.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.4.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.4.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.6.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.7.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.7.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.9.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.10.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.10.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.12.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.13.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.13.bias True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze2.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze2.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze2.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.3.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.4.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.4.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.6.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.7.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.7.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.9.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.10.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.10.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.12.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.13.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.13.bias True
module.predictor.large_predictor.0.weight True
module.predictor.large_predictor.1.weight True
module.predictor.large_predictor.1.bias True
module.predictor.large_predictor.3.weight True
module.predictor.large_predictor.3.bias True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.0.weight True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.1.weight True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.1.bias True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.3.weight True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.3.bias True
module.predictor.small_predictor.0.weight True
module.predictor.small_predictor.1.weight True
module.predictor.small_predictor.1.bias True
module.predictor.small_predictor.3.weight True
module.predictor.small_predictor.3.bias True
total samples: 5422, training samples: 5150, validation samples: 272
Pretrain done!
module.backbone.feature_extract.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.downsample.0.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.downsample.1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.0.downsample.1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.1.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer1.2.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.downsample.0.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.downsample.1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.0.downsample.1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.1.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.2.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer2.3.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.downsample.0.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.downsample.1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.0.downsample.1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.1.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.2.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.3.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.4.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer3.5.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.downsample.0.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.downsample.1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.0.downsample.1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.1.bn3.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.conv1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn1.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn1.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.conv2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn2.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn2.bias True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.conv3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn3.weight True
module.backbone.feature_extract.layer4.2.bn3.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.3.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.4.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.4.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.6.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.7.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.7.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.9.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.10.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.10.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.12.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.13.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block1.block.13.bias True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze1.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze1.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze1.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.3.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.4.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.4.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.6.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.7.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.7.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.9.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.10.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.10.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.12.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.13.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block2.block.13.bias True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze2.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze2.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.squeeze2.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.0.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.1.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.1.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.3.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.4.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.4.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.6.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.7.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.7.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.9.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.10.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.10.bias True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.12.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.13.weight True
module.detect_bottle.yolo_block3.block.13.bias True
module.predictor.large_predictor.0.weight True
module.predictor.large_predictor.1.weight True
module.predictor.large_predictor.1.bias True
module.predictor.large_predictor.3.weight True
module.predictor.large_predictor.3.bias True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.0.weight True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.1.weight True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.1.bias True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.3.weight True
module.predictor.middle_predictor.3.bias True
module.predictor.small_predictor.0.weight True
module.predictor.small_predictor.1.weight True
module.predictor.small_predictor.1.bias True
module.predictor.small_predictor.3.weight True
module.predictor.small_predictor.3.bias True
total samples: 5422, training samples: 5150, validation samples: 272
/home/ymluo/anaconda3/envs/torchenv/lib/python3.6/site-packages/torch/nn/parallel/_functions.py:61: UserWarning: Was asked to gather along dimension 0, but all input tensors were scalars; will instead unsqueeze and return a vector.
  warnings.warn('Was asked to gather along dimension 0, but all '
[Iter:1] LR:0.0001 	    Time 67.0184    Loss_Yolo 1.0274e+02
[Iter:2] LR:9.999999903626783e-05 	    Time 1.8414    Loss_Yolo 7.8468e+01
[Iter:3] LR:9.999999614507137e-05 	    Time 1.2713    Loss_Yolo 8.8291e+01
[Iter:4] LR:9.99999913264107e-05 	    Time 1.4972    Loss_Yolo 8.2473e+01
[Iter:5] LR:9.999998458028605e-05 	    Time 1.2597    Loss_Yolo 6.2388e+01
[Iter:6] LR:9.999997590669763e-05 	    Time 1.4137    Loss_Yolo 9.6578e+01
[Iter:7] LR:9.999996530564583e-05 	    Time 1.5063    Loss_Yolo 1.2298e+02
[Iter:8] LR:9.999995277713101e-05 	    Time 1.2927    Loss_Yolo 1.0414e+02
[Iter:9] LR:9.999993832115368e-05 	    Time 1.3410    Loss_Yolo 9.6555e+01
[Iter:10] LR:9.999992193771439e-05 	    Time 1.2973    Loss_Yolo 1.0144e+02
[Iter:11] LR:9.999990362681377e-05 	    Time 1.2191    Loss_Yolo 7.3557e+01
[Iter:12] LR:9.999988338845252e-05 	    Time 1.6809    Loss_Yolo 9.6293e+01
[Iter:13] LR:9.999986122263146e-05 	    Time 1.5999    Loss_Yolo 8.8347e+01
[Iter:14] LR:9.999983712935138e-05 	    Time 1.8741    Loss_Yolo 9.5340e+01
[Iter:15] LR:9.999981110861326e-05 	    Time 2.4971    Loss_Yolo 1.0756e+02
[Iter:16] LR:9.999978316041807e-05 	    Time 2.3523    Loss_Yolo 1.0245e+02
[Iter:17] LR:9.999975328476691e-05 	    Time 2.2095    Loss_Yolo 9.6059e+01
[Iter:18] LR:9.999972148166092e-05 	    Time 1.8481    Loss_Yolo 8.5225e+01
[Iter:19] LR:9.999968775110132e-05 	    Time 1.8415    Loss_Yolo 9.2601e+01
[Iter:20] LR:9.999965209308944e-05 	    Time 1.9630    Loss_Yolo 1.1040e+02
[Iter:21] LR:9.999961450762663e-05 	    Time 2.2472    Loss_Yolo 1.0972e+02
[Iter:22] LR:9.999957499471435e-05 	    Time 1.4865    Loss_Yolo 9.4492e+01
[Iter:23] LR:9.99995335543541e-05 	    Time 1.4828    Loss_Yolo 7.4269e+01
[Iter:24] LR:9.99994901865475e-05 	    Time 1.3280    Loss_Yolo 1.0304e+02
[Iter:25] LR:9.999944489129624e-05 	    Time 1.2816    Loss_Yolo 8.3695e+01
[Iter:26] LR:9.999939766860202e-05 	    Time 1.4541    Loss_Yolo 9.7775e+01
[Iter:27] LR:9.999934851846668e-05 	    Time 1.3724    Loss_Yolo 8.7097e+01
[Iter:28] LR:9.999929744089212e-05 	    Time 1.3988    Loss_Yolo 9.7077e+01
[Iter:29] LR:9.999924443588033e-05 	    Time 1.5162    Loss_Yolo 1.2092e+02
[Iter:30] LR:9.999918950343332e-05 	    Time 1.3297    Loss_Yolo 9.3581e+01
[Iter:31] LR:9.999913264355321e-05 	    Time 1.2211    Loss_Yolo 7.2497e+01
[Iter:32] LR:9.999907385624221e-05 	    Time 1.1942    Loss_Yolo 6.8722e+01
[Iter:33] LR:9.999901314150258e-05 	    Time 1.4795    Loss_Yolo 1.2585e+02
[Iter:34] LR:9.999895049933667e-05 	    Time 1.3439    Loss_Yolo 8.8191e+01
[Iter:35] LR:9.999888592974685e-05 	    Time 1.2652    Loss_Yolo 7.9647e+01
[Iter:36] LR:9.999881943273567e-05 	    Time 1.3267    Loss_Yolo 9.3973e+01
[Iter:37] LR:9.999875100830566e-05 	    Time 1.2253    Loss_Yolo 7.9191e+01
[Iter:38] LR:9.999868065645946e-05 	    Time 1.3164    Loss_Yolo 9.1178e+01
[Iter:39] LR:9.99986083771998e-05 	    Time 1.3147    Loss_Yolo 1.0353e+02
[Iter:40] LR:9.999853417052945e-05 	    Time 1.4129    Loss_Yolo 1.2814e+02
[Iter:40]     Time 3.1705    Loss_Yolo 9.4412e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 1.0143e+02
val_Loss_Yolo improve from inf to 101.42728468951057
Save model to ./models/Iter-00040-val_Loss_Yolo_101.4273.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00040-val_Loss_Yolo_101.4273.pth
[Iter:41] LR:9.999845803645127e-05 	    Time 2.3194    Loss_Yolo 9.4294e+01
[Iter:42] LR:9.99983799749682e-05 	    Time 1.2953    Loss_Yolo 9.0261e+01
[Iter:43] LR:9.999829998608324e-05 	    Time 1.2437    Loss_Yolo 8.5416e+01
[Iter:44] LR:9.99982180697995e-05 	    Time 1.2096    Loss_Yolo 7.9239e+01
[Iter:45] LR:9.999813422612011e-05 	    Time 1.3165    Loss_Yolo 9.7605e+01
[Iter:46] LR:9.999804845504832e-05 	    Time 1.2879    Loss_Yolo 8.4816e+01
[Iter:47] LR:9.999796075658743e-05 	    Time 1.2022    Loss_Yolo 7.1041e+01
[Iter:48] LR:9.999787113074084e-05 	    Time 1.4885    Loss_Yolo 1.3096e+02
[Iter:49] LR:9.999777957751194e-05 	    Time 1.4711    Loss_Yolo 1.2572e+02
[Iter:50] LR:9.999768609690435e-05 	    Time 1.2869    Loss_Yolo 8.8300e+01
[Iter:51] LR:9.99975906889216e-05 	    Time 1.3098    Loss_Yolo 8.6658e+01
[Iter:52] LR:9.999749335356743e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 9.0097e+01
[Iter:53] LR:9.999739409084554e-05 	    Time 1.2767    Loss_Yolo 9.0009e+01
[Iter:54] LR:9.999729290075977e-05 	    Time 1.4935    Loss_Yolo 1.3403e+02
[Iter:55] LR:9.999718978331405e-05 	    Time 1.3588    Loss_Yolo 1.0879e+02
[Iter:56] LR:9.999708473851233e-05 	    Time 1.3335    Loss_Yolo 9.5903e+01
[Iter:57] LR:9.999697776635867e-05 	    Time 1.2744    Loss_Yolo 8.8403e+01
[Iter:58] LR:9.999686886685719e-05 	    Time 1.2137    Loss_Yolo 7.3520e+01
[Iter:59] LR:9.999675804001206e-05 	    Time 1.2051    Loss_Yolo 7.9496e+01
[Iter:60] LR:9.99966452858276e-05 	    Time 1.3397    Loss_Yolo 1.1339e+02
[Iter:61] LR:9.999653060430813e-05 	    Time 1.3319    Loss_Yolo 1.0024e+02
[Iter:62] LR:9.99964139954581e-05 	    Time 1.2703    Loss_Yolo 8.5042e+01
[Iter:63] LR:9.999629545928196e-05 	    Time 1.2640    Loss_Yolo 8.8946e+01
[Iter:64] LR:9.999617499578431e-05 	    Time 1.2581    Loss_Yolo 8.0033e+01
[Iter:65] LR:9.99960526049698e-05 	    Time 1.2541    Loss_Yolo 7.7924e+01
[Iter:66] LR:9.999592828684311e-05 	    Time 1.2843    Loss_Yolo 8.5606e+01
[Iter:67] LR:9.99958020414091e-05 	    Time 1.2213    Loss_Yolo 7.4377e+01
[Iter:68] LR:9.999567386867257e-05 	    Time 1.2112    Loss_Yolo 7.6536e+01
[Iter:69] LR:9.99955437686385e-05 	    Time 1.2329    Loss_Yolo 8.7011e+01
[Iter:70] LR:9.999541174131187e-05 	    Time 1.2431    Loss_Yolo 9.0109e+01
[Iter:71] LR:9.999527778669781e-05 	    Time 1.2706    Loss_Yolo 8.8262e+01
[Iter:72] LR:9.999514190480146e-05 	    Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 8.7522e+01
[Iter:73] LR:9.999500409562809e-05 	    Time 1.2423    Loss_Yolo 8.6540e+01
[Iter:74] LR:9.999486435918297e-05 	    Time 1.2493    Loss_Yolo 8.8833e+01
[Iter:75] LR:9.999472269547152e-05 	    Time 1.2459    Loss_Yolo 9.4237e+01
[Iter:76] LR:9.999457910449918e-05 	    Time 1.1684    Loss_Yolo 6.5723e+01
[Iter:77] LR:9.999443358627149e-05 	    Time 1.3984    Loss_Yolo 1.0011e+02
[Iter:78] LR:9.999428614079407e-05 	    Time 1.2427    Loss_Yolo 6.7785e+01
[Iter:79] LR:9.999413676807261e-05 	    Time 1.3107    Loss_Yolo 9.6398e+01
[Iter:80] LR:9.999398546811284e-05 	    Time 1.2768    Loss_Yolo 8.1975e+01
[Iter:80]     Time 1.3106    Loss_Yolo 9.0279e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 1.0126e+02
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 101.42728468951057 to 101.26222857306985
Save model to ./models/Iter-00080-val_Loss_Yolo_101.2622.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00080-val_Loss_Yolo_101.2622.pth
[Iter:81] LR:9.999383224092063e-05 	    Time 1.2683    Loss_Yolo 8.7707e+01
[Iter:82] LR:9.999367708650186e-05 	    Time 1.2967    Loss_Yolo 8.7675e+01
[Iter:83] LR:9.999352000486251e-05 	    Time 1.1842    Loss_Yolo 6.1908e+01
[Iter:84] LR:9.999336099600867e-05 	    Time 1.4312    Loss_Yolo 8.6460e+01
[Iter:85] LR:9.999320005994642e-05 	    Time 1.4590    Loss_Yolo 7.7732e+01
[Iter:86] LR:9.999303719668202e-05 	    Time 1.1847    Loss_Yolo 6.2746e+01
[Iter:87] LR:9.99928724062217e-05 	    Time 1.2609    Loss_Yolo 9.2068e+01
[Iter:88] LR:9.999270568857183e-05 	    Time 1.2433    Loss_Yolo 8.2938e+01
[Iter:89] LR:9.999253704373887e-05 	    Time 1.3416    Loss_Yolo 9.7461e+01
[Iter:90] LR:9.999236647172925e-05 	    Time 1.3274    Loss_Yolo 1.0212e+02
[Iter:91] LR:9.999219397254963e-05 	    Time 1.3050    Loss_Yolo 9.7862e+01
[Iter:92] LR:9.999201954620659e-05 	    Time 1.7586    Loss_Yolo 7.6307e+01
[Iter:93] LR:9.99918431927069e-05 	    Time 2.2879    Loss_Yolo 9.6507e+01
[Iter:94] LR:9.999166491205734e-05 	    Time 2.6095    Loss_Yolo 9.7725e+01
[Iter:95] LR:9.999148470426479e-05 	    Time 2.0911    Loss_Yolo 1.0001e+02
[Iter:96] LR:9.999130256933618e-05 	    Time 2.5149    Loss_Yolo 6.9959e+01
[Iter:97] LR:9.999111850727855e-05 	    Time 1.8184    Loss_Yolo 8.7824e+01
[Iter:98] LR:9.999093251809899e-05 	    Time 1.9431    Loss_Yolo 8.7469e+01
[Iter:99] LR:9.999074460180468e-05 	    Time 1.6649    Loss_Yolo 6.9242e+01
[Iter:100] LR:9.999055475840285e-05 	    Time 1.6574    Loss_Yolo 9.7568e+01
[Iter:101] LR:9.999036298790084e-05 	    Time 1.2330    Loss_Yolo 7.9310e+01
[Iter:102] LR:9.999016929030601e-05 	    Time 1.4516    Loss_Yolo 1.2650e+02
[Iter:103] LR:9.998997366562586e-05 	    Time 1.3131    Loss_Yolo 8.6942e+01
[Iter:104] LR:9.998977611386792e-05 	    Time 1.3302    Loss_Yolo 7.6096e+01
[Iter:105] LR:9.99895766350398e-05 	    Time 1.3504    Loss_Yolo 9.1059e+01
[Iter:106] LR:9.998937522914919e-05 	    Time 1.4280    Loss_Yolo 1.1971e+02
[Iter:107] LR:9.998917189620388e-05 	    Time 1.2685    Loss_Yolo 8.7603e+01
[Iter:108] LR:9.998896663621167e-05 	    Time 1.1958    Loss_Yolo 6.9585e+01
[Iter:109] LR:9.99887594491805e-05 	    Time 1.4684    Loss_Yolo 9.5955e+01
[Iter:110] LR:9.998855033511834e-05 	    Time 1.4294    Loss_Yolo 1.1933e+02
[Iter:111] LR:9.998833929403329e-05 	    Time 1.2126    Loss_Yolo 6.7905e+01
[Iter:112] LR:9.998812632593344e-05 	    Time 1.4399    Loss_Yolo 1.0226e+02
[Iter:113] LR:9.998791143082703e-05 	    Time 1.2512    Loss_Yolo 7.4210e+01
[Iter:114] LR:9.998769460872232e-05 	    Time 1.1730    Loss_Yolo 6.0661e+01
[Iter:115] LR:9.998747585962768e-05 	    Time 1.2776    Loss_Yolo 9.0492e+01
[Iter:116] LR:9.998725518355157e-05 	    Time 1.2085    Loss_Yolo 7.6627e+01
[Iter:117] LR:9.998703258050247e-05 	    Time 1.2962    Loss_Yolo 7.9974e+01
[Iter:118] LR:9.998680805048896e-05 	    Time 1.3064    Loss_Yolo 9.8027e+01
[Iter:119] LR:9.998658159351971e-05 	    Time 1.3118    Loss_Yolo 9.1343e+01
[Iter:120] LR:9.998635320960343e-05 	    Time 1.2087    Loss_Yolo 6.6263e+01
[Iter:120]     Time 1.4701    Loss_Yolo 8.6978e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.8770e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 101.26222857306985 to 98.77033817066865
Save model to ./models/Iter-00120-val_Loss_Yolo_98.7703.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00120-val_Loss_Yolo_98.7703.pth
[Iter:121] LR:9.998612289874895e-05 	    Time 1.3025    Loss_Yolo 8.6609e+01
[Iter:122] LR:9.998589066096513e-05 	    Time 1.2984    Loss_Yolo 1.0797e+02
[Iter:123] LR:9.998565649626093e-05 	    Time 1.3686    Loss_Yolo 1.2483e+02
[Iter:124] LR:9.99854204046454e-05 	    Time 1.3395    Loss_Yolo 1.0009e+02
[Iter:125] LR:9.99851823861276e-05 	    Time 1.2846    Loss_Yolo 9.9814e+01
[Iter:126] LR:9.998494244071673e-05 	    Time 1.2549    Loss_Yolo 8.5075e+01
[Iter:127] LR:9.998470056842205e-05 	    Time 1.2132    Loss_Yolo 7.8828e+01
[Iter:128] LR:9.998445676925287e-05 	    Time 1.2311    Loss_Yolo 7.7453e+01
[Iter:129] LR:9.998421104321858e-05 	    Time 1.2254    Loss_Yolo 7.9165e+01
[Iter:130] LR:9.998396339032867e-05 	    Time 1.2019    Loss_Yolo 7.0802e+01
[Iter:131] LR:9.99837138105927e-05 	    Time 1.2188    Loss_Yolo 7.7066e+01
[Iter:132] LR:9.998346230402027e-05 	    Time 1.2676    Loss_Yolo 9.2393e+01
[Iter:133] LR:9.998320887062108e-05 	    Time 1.1747    Loss_Yolo 6.9133e+01
[Iter:134] LR:9.99829535104049e-05 	    Time 1.2960    Loss_Yolo 9.5719e+01
[Iter:135] LR:9.998269622338158e-05 	    Time 1.2702    Loss_Yolo 9.7537e+01
[Iter:136] LR:9.998243700956104e-05 	    Time 1.1728    Loss_Yolo 6.3030e+01
[Iter:137] LR:9.998217586895326e-05 	    Time 1.2259    Loss_Yolo 7.1496e+01
[Iter:138] LR:9.998191280156834e-05 	    Time 1.3223    Loss_Yolo 9.8793e+01
[Iter:139] LR:9.998164780741638e-05 	    Time 1.4060    Loss_Yolo 1.1072e+02
[Iter:140] LR:9.998138088650763e-05 	    Time 1.2228    Loss_Yolo 7.8348e+01
[Iter:141] LR:9.998111203885236e-05 	    Time 1.2893    Loss_Yolo 1.0011e+02
[Iter:142] LR:9.998084126446095e-05 	    Time 1.3206    Loss_Yolo 1.0097e+02
[Iter:143] LR:9.998056856334383e-05 	    Time 1.1993    Loss_Yolo 6.8285e+01
[Iter:144] LR:9.99802939355115e-05 	    Time 1.3124    Loss_Yolo 8.8378e+01
[Iter:145] LR:9.998001738097458e-05 	    Time 1.1800    Loss_Yolo 6.0177e+01
[Iter:146] LR:9.99797388997437e-05 	    Time 1.4121    Loss_Yolo 9.7662e+01
[Iter:147] LR:9.997945849182963e-05 	    Time 1.1283    Loss_Yolo 5.6212e+01
[Iter:148] LR:9.997917615724316e-05 	    Time 1.1895    Loss_Yolo 6.3269e+01
[Iter:149] LR:9.997889189599517e-05 	    Time 1.2261    Loss_Yolo 7.0457e+01
[Iter:150] LR:9.997860570809662e-05 	    Time 1.2597    Loss_Yolo 7.9518e+01
[Iter:151] LR:9.997831759355856e-05 	    Time 1.2455    Loss_Yolo 7.8957e+01
[Iter:152] LR:9.997802755239209e-05 	    Time 1.3591    Loss_Yolo 1.0897e+02
[Iter:153] LR:9.997773558460837e-05 	    Time 1.2608    Loss_Yolo 8.0150e+01
[Iter:154] LR:9.99774416902187e-05 	    Time 1.1981    Loss_Yolo 6.8455e+01
[Iter:155] LR:9.997714586923437e-05 	    Time 1.1798    Loss_Yolo 7.2669e+01
[Iter:156] LR:9.99768481216668e-05 	    Time 1.3028    Loss_Yolo 9.1839e+01
[Iter:157] LR:9.997654844752747e-05 	    Time 1.2705    Loss_Yolo 8.2063e+01
[Iter:158] LR:9.997624684682794e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 7.4529e+01
[Iter:159] LR:9.997594331957983e-05 	    Time 1.2702    Loss_Yolo 9.4374e+01
[Iter:160] LR:9.997563786579484e-05 	    Time 1.2261    Loss_Yolo 7.9388e+01
[Iter:160]     Time 1.2596    Loss_Yolo 8.4532e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.7044e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 98.77033817066865 to 97.04372181611903
Save model to ./models/Iter-00160-val_Loss_Yolo_97.0437.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00160-val_Loss_Yolo_97.0437.pth
[Iter:161] LR:9.997533048548475e-05 	    Time 15.0485    Loss_Yolo 9.4410e+01
[Iter:162] LR:9.997502117866142e-05 	    Time 2.3001    Loss_Yolo 6.2083e+01
[Iter:163] LR:9.997470994533675e-05 	    Time 1.6006    Loss_Yolo 1.2519e+02
[Iter:164] LR:9.997439678552276e-05 	    Time 1.3900    Loss_Yolo 1.1118e+02
[Iter:165] LR:9.997408169923152e-05 	    Time 1.2553    Loss_Yolo 7.1983e+01
[Iter:166] LR:9.997376468647517e-05 	    Time 1.3059    Loss_Yolo 9.0546e+01
[Iter:167] LR:9.997344574726592e-05 	    Time 1.2426    Loss_Yolo 8.0887e+01
[Iter:168] LR:9.99731248816161e-05 	    Time 1.2821    Loss_Yolo 8.3925e+01
[Iter:169] LR:9.997280208953807e-05 	    Time 1.2698    Loss_Yolo 8.4107e+01
[Iter:170] LR:9.997247737104425e-05 	    Time 1.5295    Loss_Yolo 1.1254e+02
[Iter:171] LR:9.997215072614718e-05 	    Time 1.3056    Loss_Yolo 7.3363e+01
[Iter:172] LR:9.997182215485946e-05 	    Time 1.2677    Loss_Yolo 7.6829e+01
[Iter:173] LR:9.997149165719374e-05 	    Time 1.2810    Loss_Yolo 7.3252e+01
[Iter:174] LR:9.997115923316277e-05 	    Time 1.3211    Loss_Yolo 9.5842e+01
[Iter:175] LR:9.997082488277936e-05 	    Time 1.3057    Loss_Yolo 8.9632e+01
[Iter:176] LR:9.99704886060564e-05 	    Time 1.4192    Loss_Yolo 1.0575e+02
[Iter:177] LR:9.997015040300687e-05 	    Time 1.2853    Loss_Yolo 8.1434e+01
[Iter:178] LR:9.99698102736438e-05 	    Time 1.2969    Loss_Yolo 8.1303e+01
[Iter:179] LR:9.99694682179803e-05 	    Time 1.4064    Loss_Yolo 7.1837e+01
[Iter:180] LR:9.996912423602955e-05 	    Time 1.5873    Loss_Yolo 9.0781e+01
[Iter:181] LR:9.996877832780481e-05 	    Time 2.0036    Loss_Yolo 9.7966e+01
[Iter:182] LR:9.996843049331946e-05 	    Time 1.9219    Loss_Yolo 9.2228e+01
[Iter:183] LR:9.996808073258684e-05 	    Time 2.4423    Loss_Yolo 9.5311e+01
[Iter:184] LR:9.99677290456205e-05 	    Time 2.6639    Loss_Yolo 7.1311e+01
[Iter:185] LR:9.996737543243395e-05 	    Time 1.9761    Loss_Yolo 7.5122e+01
[Iter:186] LR:9.996701989304084e-05 	    Time 1.7425    Loss_Yolo 7.7789e+01
[Iter:187] LR:9.99666624274549e-05 	    Time 1.8116    Loss_Yolo 8.3670e+01
[Iter:188] LR:9.996630303568987e-05 	    Time 2.0190    Loss_Yolo 1.0678e+02
[Iter:189] LR:9.996594171775964e-05 	    Time 1.5578    Loss_Yolo 8.2725e+01
[Iter:190] LR:9.996557847367812e-05 	    Time 1.4855    Loss_Yolo 1.0469e+02
[Iter:191] LR:9.996521330345931e-05 	    Time 1.3670    Loss_Yolo 7.2772e+01
[Iter:192] LR:9.996484620711731e-05 	    Time 1.3375    Loss_Yolo 6.9665e+01
[Iter:193] LR:9.996447718466626e-05 	    Time 1.3833    Loss_Yolo 8.8167e+01
[Iter:194] LR:9.996410623612039e-05 	    Time 1.4216    Loss_Yolo 9.4690e+01
[Iter:195] LR:9.9963733361494e-05 	    Time 1.1604    Loss_Yolo 5.7171e+01
[Iter:196] LR:9.996335856080147e-05 	    Time 1.3256    Loss_Yolo 8.0233e+01
[Iter:197] LR:9.996298183405723e-05 	    Time 1.3016    Loss_Yolo 6.8849e+01
[Iter:198] LR:9.996260318127583e-05 	    Time 1.3712    Loss_Yolo 8.2335e+01
[Iter:199] LR:9.996222260247185e-05 	    Time 1.2688    Loss_Yolo 7.3505e+01
[Iter:200] LR:9.996184009765998e-05 	    Time 1.3302    Loss_Yolo 8.8080e+01
[Iter:200]     Time 1.8648    Loss_Yolo 8.5498e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.9934e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-00200-val_Loss_Yolo_99.9340.pth
[Iter:201] LR:9.996145566685496e-05 	    Time 1.3264    Loss_Yolo 9.3515e+01
[Iter:202] LR:9.996106931007159e-05 	    Time 1.3008    Loss_Yolo 9.3412e+01
[Iter:203] LR:9.99606810273248e-05 	    Time 1.2659    Loss_Yolo 8.4986e+01
[Iter:204] LR:9.996029081862951e-05 	    Time 1.2281    Loss_Yolo 7.8210e+01
[Iter:205] LR:9.995989868400083e-05 	    Time 1.2827    Loss_Yolo 8.3988e+01
[Iter:206] LR:9.995950462345383e-05 	    Time 1.3348    Loss_Yolo 1.0782e+02
[Iter:207] LR:9.995910863700373e-05 	    Time 1.3255    Loss_Yolo 9.9240e+01
[Iter:208] LR:9.995871072466576e-05 	    Time 1.3096    Loss_Yolo 9.2761e+01
[Iter:209] LR:9.995831088645529e-05 	    Time 1.3552    Loss_Yolo 1.0503e+02
[Iter:210] LR:9.995790912238774e-05 	    Time 1.2200    Loss_Yolo 6.3510e+01
[Iter:211] LR:9.995750543247859e-05 	    Time 1.2797    Loss_Yolo 6.7713e+01
[Iter:212] LR:9.995709981674339e-05 	    Time 1.1695    Loss_Yolo 5.3017e+01
[Iter:213] LR:9.99566922751978e-05 	    Time 1.4743    Loss_Yolo 1.2519e+02
[Iter:214] LR:9.995628280785751e-05 	    Time 1.5118    Loss_Yolo 1.1560e+02
[Iter:215] LR:9.995587141473832e-05 	    Time 1.3102    Loss_Yolo 7.4828e+01
[Iter:216] LR:9.995545809585609e-05 	    Time 1.5009    Loss_Yolo 1.1928e+02
[Iter:217] LR:9.995504285122675e-05 	    Time 1.1678    Loss_Yolo 6.1497e+01
[Iter:218] LR:9.995462568086631e-05 	    Time 1.3999    Loss_Yolo 1.1193e+02
[Iter:219] LR:9.995420658479086e-05 	    Time 1.3743    Loss_Yolo 1.0161e+02
[Iter:220] LR:9.995378556301656e-05 	    Time 1.2382    Loss_Yolo 8.0876e+01
[Iter:221] LR:9.995336261555962e-05 	    Time 1.2967    Loss_Yolo 8.4616e+01
[Iter:222] LR:9.995293774243636e-05 	    Time 1.3108    Loss_Yolo 9.6191e+01
[Iter:223] LR:9.995251094366317e-05 	    Time 1.3629    Loss_Yolo 9.1324e+01
[Iter:224] LR:9.995208221925649e-05 	    Time 1.2816    Loss_Yolo 9.3594e+01
[Iter:225] LR:9.995165156923286e-05 	    Time 1.2876    Loss_Yolo 9.4860e+01
[Iter:226] LR:9.995121899360886e-05 	    Time 1.8573    Loss_Yolo 1.6777e+02
[Iter:227] LR:9.995078449240119e-05 	    Time 1.3382    Loss_Yolo 1.0096e+02
[Iter:228] LR:9.99503480656266e-05 	    Time 1.2184    Loss_Yolo 6.4706e+01
[Iter:229] LR:9.99499097133019e-05 	    Time 1.4094    Loss_Yolo 1.1257e+02
[Iter:230] LR:9.994946943544402e-05 	    Time 1.2616    Loss_Yolo 7.4557e+01
[Iter:231] LR:9.99490272320699e-05 	    Time 1.3310    Loss_Yolo 9.5394e+01
[Iter:232] LR:9.994858310319661e-05 	    Time 1.3312    Loss_Yolo 9.4664e+01
[Iter:233] LR:9.994813704884126e-05 	    Time 1.3511    Loss_Yolo 9.6258e+01
[Iter:234] LR:9.994768906902104e-05 	    Time 1.3325    Loss_Yolo 9.5237e+01
[Iter:235] LR:9.994723916375325e-05 	    Time 1.3184    Loss_Yolo 9.5945e+01
[Iter:236] LR:9.994678733305522e-05 	    Time 1.2112    Loss_Yolo 6.9067e+01
[Iter:237] LR:9.994633357694437e-05 	    Time 1.2384    Loss_Yolo 7.5055e+01
[Iter:238] LR:9.994587789543817e-05 	    Time 1.3678    Loss_Yolo 1.0039e+02
[Iter:239] LR:9.994542028855422e-05 	    Time 1.3286    Loss_Yolo 9.9600e+01
[Iter:240] LR:9.994496075631015e-05 	    Time 1.3518    Loss_Yolo 1.0051e+02
[Iter:240]     Time 1.3291    Loss_Yolo 9.2932e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.5129e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 97.04372181611903 to 95.1290215884938
Save model to ./models/Iter-00240-val_Loss_Yolo_95.1290.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00240-val_Loss_Yolo_95.1290.pth
[Iter:241] LR:9.99444992987237e-05 	    Time 1.3005    Loss_Yolo 8.3046e+01
[Iter:242] LR:9.99440359158126e-05 	    Time 1.1869    Loss_Yolo 6.6089e+01
[Iter:243] LR:9.994357060759479e-05 	    Time 1.3738    Loss_Yolo 9.9141e+01
[Iter:244] LR:9.994310337408815e-05 	    Time 1.3274    Loss_Yolo 9.1757e+01
[Iter:245] LR:9.994263421531072e-05 	    Time 1.3215    Loss_Yolo 8.5299e+01
[Iter:246] LR:9.99421631312806e-05 	    Time 1.2720    Loss_Yolo 8.2801e+01
[Iter:247] LR:9.994169012201593e-05 	    Time 1.3172    Loss_Yolo 9.5078e+01
[Iter:248] LR:9.994121518753493e-05 	    Time 1.1540    Loss_Yolo 5.8354e+01
[Iter:249] LR:9.994073832785595e-05 	    Time 1.2537    Loss_Yolo 7.2747e+01
[Iter:250] LR:9.994025954299736e-05 	    Time 1.3344    Loss_Yolo 8.9166e+01
[Iter:251] LR:9.99397788329776e-05 	    Time 1.2483    Loss_Yolo 7.4365e+01
[Iter:252] LR:9.993929619781522e-05 	    Time 1.2587    Loss_Yolo 8.2661e+01
[Iter:253] LR:9.993881163752882e-05 	    Time 1.2776    Loss_Yolo 8.2422e+01
[Iter:254] LR:9.99383251521371e-05 	    Time 1.2809    Loss_Yolo 7.3863e+01
[Iter:255] LR:9.99378367416588e-05 	    Time 1.2168    Loss_Yolo 6.8865e+01
[Iter:256] LR:9.993734640611275e-05 	    Time 1.3279    Loss_Yolo 9.4668e+01
[Iter:257] LR:9.993685414551785e-05 	    Time 1.2314    Loss_Yolo 8.4677e+01
[Iter:258] LR:9.99363599598931e-05 	    Time 1.3022    Loss_Yolo 9.3416e+01
[Iter:259] LR:9.99358638492575e-05 	    Time 1.3179    Loss_Yolo 1.0695e+02
[Iter:260] LR:9.993536581363024e-05 	    Time 1.2133    Loss_Yolo 7.0856e+01
[Iter:261] LR:9.993486585303049e-05 	    Time 1.3123    Loss_Yolo 8.3811e+01
[Iter:262] LR:9.993436396747752e-05 	    Time 1.1950    Loss_Yolo 6.8583e+01
[Iter:263] LR:9.993386015699068e-05 	    Time 1.4186    Loss_Yolo 1.0531e+02
[Iter:264] LR:9.993335442158943e-05 	    Time 1.2500    Loss_Yolo 5.9518e+01
[Iter:265] LR:9.993284676129322e-05 	    Time 1.3901    Loss_Yolo 8.5870e+01
[Iter:266] LR:9.993233717612165e-05 	    Time 1.1994    Loss_Yolo 6.9133e+01
[Iter:267] LR:9.993182566609435e-05 	    Time 1.1703    Loss_Yolo 6.1192e+01
[Iter:268] LR:9.993131223123105e-05 	    Time 1.3352    Loss_Yolo 8.5036e+01
[Iter:269] LR:9.993079687155153e-05 	    Time 1.1932    Loss_Yolo 7.5245e+01
[Iter:270] LR:9.993027958707569e-05 	    Time 1.1974    Loss_Yolo 7.1829e+01
[Iter:271] LR:9.992976037782343e-05 	    Time 1.3424    Loss_Yolo 9.7868e+01
[Iter:272] LR:9.992923924381481e-05 	    Time 1.4990    Loss_Yolo 9.5151e+01
[Iter:273] LR:9.992871618506989e-05 	    Time 1.7175    Loss_Yolo 6.1371e+01
[Iter:274] LR:9.992819120160885e-05 	    Time 2.0080    Loss_Yolo 7.0598e+01
[Iter:275] LR:9.992766429345193e-05 	    Time 2.3919    Loss_Yolo 7.8855e+01
[Iter:276] LR:9.992713546061944e-05 	    Time 2.2225    Loss_Yolo 7.5001e+01
[Iter:277] LR:9.992660470313178e-05 	    Time 1.8022    Loss_Yolo 7.1113e+01
[Iter:278] LR:9.992607202100939e-05 	    Time 2.0828    Loss_Yolo 1.0113e+02
[Iter:279] LR:9.992553741427281e-05 	    Time 1.7091    Loss_Yolo 6.6208e+01
[Iter:280] LR:9.992500088294267e-05 	    Time 2.0043    Loss_Yolo 9.8573e+01
[Iter:280]     Time 1.4239    Loss_Yolo 8.0940e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.5304e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-00280-val_Loss_Yolo_95.3036.pth
[Iter:281] LR:9.992446242703965e-05 	    Time 1.5166    Loss_Yolo 1.2676e+02
[Iter:282] LR:9.99239220465845e-05 	    Time 1.2604    Loss_Yolo 8.1773e+01
[Iter:283] LR:9.992337974159806e-05 	    Time 1.2340    Loss_Yolo 7.7606e+01
[Iter:284] LR:9.992283551210122e-05 	    Time 1.2116    Loss_Yolo 7.5351e+01
[Iter:285] LR:9.992228935811498e-05 	    Time 1.2792    Loss_Yolo 8.9198e+01
[Iter:286] LR:9.992174127966038e-05 	    Time 1.5233    Loss_Yolo 1.1348e+02
[Iter:287] LR:9.992119127675859e-05 	    Time 1.1963    Loss_Yolo 7.0359e+01
[Iter:288] LR:9.992063934943076e-05 	    Time 1.3909    Loss_Yolo 9.2037e+01
[Iter:289] LR:9.992008549769821e-05 	    Time 1.3526    Loss_Yolo 8.1744e+01
[Iter:290] LR:9.991952972158228e-05 	    Time 1.3862    Loss_Yolo 8.4347e+01
[Iter:291] LR:9.991897202110438e-05 	    Time 1.3236    Loss_Yolo 8.0821e+01
[Iter:292] LR:9.991841239628604e-05 	    Time 1.2035    Loss_Yolo 6.9759e+01
[Iter:293] LR:9.991785084714881e-05 	    Time 1.3272    Loss_Yolo 9.5915e+01
[Iter:294] LR:9.991728737371436e-05 	    Time 1.3046    Loss_Yolo 7.5432e+01
[Iter:295] LR:9.99167219760044e-05 	    Time 1.2052    Loss_Yolo 7.0684e+01
[Iter:296] LR:9.991615465404072e-05 	    Time 1.1804    Loss_Yolo 6.3180e+01
[Iter:297] LR:9.991558540784521e-05 	    Time 1.3042    Loss_Yolo 7.9949e+01
[Iter:298] LR:9.991501423743982e-05 	    Time 1.3382    Loss_Yolo 1.0978e+02
[Iter:299] LR:9.991444114284657e-05 	    Time 1.1836    Loss_Yolo 7.3090e+01
[Iter:300] LR:9.991386612408752e-05 	    Time 1.2202    Loss_Yolo 6.9496e+01
[Iter:301] LR:9.991328918118489e-05 	    Time 1.2897    Loss_Yolo 7.8832e+01
[Iter:302] LR:9.991271031416086e-05 	    Time 1.2760    Loss_Yolo 8.8184e+01
[Iter:303] LR:9.991212952303782e-05 	    Time 1.2508    Loss_Yolo 7.9413e+01
[Iter:304] LR:9.99115468078381e-05 	    Time 1.1930    Loss_Yolo 6.2353e+01
[Iter:305] LR:9.991096216858421e-05 	    Time 1.2794    Loss_Yolo 7.8358e+01
[Iter:306] LR:9.991037560529865e-05 	    Time 1.1785    Loss_Yolo 6.4827e+01
[Iter:307] LR:9.990978711800407e-05 	    Time 1.2276    Loss_Yolo 7.3405e+01
[Iter:308] LR:9.990919670672314e-05 	    Time 1.2431    Loss_Yolo 8.2667e+01
[Iter:309] LR:9.990860437147862e-05 	    Time 1.1817    Loss_Yolo 6.3627e+01
[Iter:310] LR:9.990801011229335e-05 	    Time 1.2372    Loss_Yolo 6.7760e+01
[Iter:311] LR:9.990741392919026e-05 	    Time 1.2854    Loss_Yolo 8.7509e+01
[Iter:312] LR:9.990681582219229e-05 	    Time 1.3041    Loss_Yolo 8.7582e+01
[Iter:313] LR:9.990621579132253e-05 	    Time 1.4043    Loss_Yolo 1.2227e+02
[Iter:314] LR:9.990561383660412e-05 	    Time 1.2349    Loss_Yolo 6.6763e+01
[Iter:315] LR:9.990500995806026e-05 	    Time 1.2309    Loss_Yolo 7.0788e+01
[Iter:316] LR:9.990440415571421e-05 	    Time 1.2260    Loss_Yolo 7.5378e+01
[Iter:317] LR:9.990379642958935e-05 	    Time 1.3154    Loss_Yolo 8.9857e+01
[Iter:318] LR:9.99031867797091e-05 	    Time 1.2125    Loss_Yolo 6.6354e+01
[Iter:319] LR:9.990257520609697e-05 	    Time 1.2863    Loss_Yolo 7.1875e+01
[Iter:320] LR:9.990196170877653e-05 	    Time 1.2459    Loss_Yolo 7.2484e+01
[Iter:320]     Time 1.2761    Loss_Yolo 8.0776e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.3155e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 95.1290215884938 to 93.15525099810432
Save model to ./models/Iter-00320-val_Loss_Yolo_93.1553.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00320-val_Loss_Yolo_93.1553.pth
[Iter:321] LR:9.990134628777144e-05 	    Time 7.9839    Loss_Yolo 8.2167e+01
[Iter:322] LR:9.990072894310542e-05 	    Time 4.9791    Loss_Yolo 9.1669e+01
[Iter:323] LR:9.990010967480228e-05 	    Time 2.9164    Loss_Yolo 8.3258e+01
[Iter:324] LR:9.989948848288588e-05 	    Time 1.7618    Loss_Yolo 6.6176e+01
[Iter:325] LR:9.989886536738018e-05 	    Time 1.2750    Loss_Yolo 7.2669e+01
[Iter:326] LR:9.98982403283092e-05 	    Time 1.2200    Loss_Yolo 5.5062e+01
[Iter:327] LR:9.989761336569704e-05 	    Time 1.2942    Loss_Yolo 7.0227e+01
[Iter:328] LR:9.989698447956787e-05 	    Time 1.4672    Loss_Yolo 1.3030e+02
[Iter:329] LR:9.989635366994593e-05 	    Time 1.2485    Loss_Yolo 6.7783e+01
[Iter:330] LR:9.989572093685555e-05 	    Time 1.3532    Loss_Yolo 9.2854e+01
[Iter:331] LR:9.989508628032111e-05 	    Time 1.3366    Loss_Yolo 1.0041e+02
[Iter:332] LR:9.989444970036709e-05 	    Time 1.1977    Loss_Yolo 5.8928e+01
[Iter:333] LR:9.989381119701803e-05 	    Time 1.3345    Loss_Yolo 9.6964e+01
[Iter:334] LR:9.989317077029852e-05 	    Time 1.1882    Loss_Yolo 6.4119e+01
[Iter:335] LR:9.989252842023332e-05 	    Time 1.3322    Loss_Yolo 8.6090e+01
[Iter:336] LR:9.989188414684711e-05 	    Time 1.3021    Loss_Yolo 6.6036e+01
[Iter:337] LR:9.98912379501648e-05 	    Time 1.2715    Loss_Yolo 7.5150e+01
[Iter:338] LR:9.989058983021124e-05 	    Time 1.2723    Loss_Yolo 7.4039e+01
[Iter:339] LR:9.988993978701147e-05 	    Time 1.3953    Loss_Yolo 8.9795e+01
[Iter:340] LR:9.988928782059053e-05 	    Time 1.2532    Loss_Yolo 8.4598e+01
[Iter:341] LR:9.988863393097354e-05 	    Time 1.3401    Loss_Yolo 8.1619e+01
[Iter:342] LR:9.988797811818573e-05 	    Time 1.3197    Loss_Yolo 7.9709e+01
[Iter:343] LR:9.988732038225237e-05 	    Time 1.2421    Loss_Yolo 7.2920e+01
[Iter:344] LR:9.988666072319884e-05 	    Time 1.2609    Loss_Yolo 6.8387e+01
[Iter:345] LR:9.988599914105056e-05 	    Time 1.2285    Loss_Yolo 6.8575e+01
[Iter:346] LR:9.988533563583302e-05 	    Time 1.3770    Loss_Yolo 9.7105e+01
[Iter:347] LR:9.988467020757182e-05 	    Time 1.2980    Loss_Yolo 9.7130e+01
[Iter:348] LR:9.98840028562926e-05 	    Time 1.3117    Loss_Yolo 8.4258e+01
[Iter:349] LR:9.98833335820211e-05 	    Time 1.1597    Loss_Yolo 5.3852e+01
[Iter:350] LR:9.988266238478314e-05 	    Time 1.3155    Loss_Yolo 1.0531e+02
[Iter:351] LR:9.988198926460456e-05 	    Time 1.2521    Loss_Yolo 6.8532e+01
[Iter:352] LR:9.988131422151132e-05 	    Time 1.2453    Loss_Yolo 7.5785e+01
[Iter:353] LR:9.988063725552946e-05 	    Time 1.3211    Loss_Yolo 7.1579e+01
[Iter:354] LR:9.987995836668508e-05 	    Time 1.5187    Loss_Yolo 1.0423e+02
[Iter:355] LR:9.987927755500433e-05 	    Time 1.2389    Loss_Yolo 7.3741e+01
[Iter:356] LR:9.987859482051346e-05 	    Time 1.2254    Loss_Yolo 7.4365e+01
[Iter:357] LR:9.987791016323882e-05 	    Time 1.2183    Loss_Yolo 6.0591e+01
[Iter:358] LR:9.987722358320679e-05 	    Time 1.3127    Loss_Yolo 7.5494e+01
[Iter:359] LR:9.987653508044384e-05 	    Time 1.3820    Loss_Yolo 8.2846e+01
[Iter:360] LR:9.987584465497652e-05 	    Time 1.3553    Loss_Yolo 9.8599e+01
[Iter:360]     Time 1.6076    Loss_Yolo 8.0073e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.2583e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 93.15525099810432 to 92.5832223331227
Save model to ./models/Iter-00360-val_Loss_Yolo_92.5832.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00360-val_Loss_Yolo_92.5832.pth
[Iter:361] LR:9.987515230683143e-05 	    Time 1.2574    Loss_Yolo 6.5783e+01
[Iter:362] LR:9.987445803603527e-05 	    Time 1.2576    Loss_Yolo 6.6942e+01
[Iter:363] LR:9.987376184261482e-05 	    Time 1.3840    Loss_Yolo 8.2278e+01
[Iter:364] LR:9.98730637265969e-05 	    Time 1.3212    Loss_Yolo 7.9850e+01
[Iter:365] LR:9.987236368800843e-05 	    Time 1.2643    Loss_Yolo 6.2363e+01
[Iter:366] LR:9.987166172687643e-05 	    Time 1.4215    Loss_Yolo 1.0375e+02
[Iter:367] LR:9.987095784322791e-05 	    Time 1.2767    Loss_Yolo 7.5541e+01
[Iter:368] LR:9.987025203709004e-05 	    Time 1.4059    Loss_Yolo 8.9750e+01
[Iter:369] LR:9.986954430849003e-05 	    Time 1.4183    Loss_Yolo 8.0744e+01
[Iter:370] LR:9.986883465745514e-05 	    Time 1.4445    Loss_Yolo 1.0526e+02
[Iter:371] LR:9.986812308401278e-05 	    Time 1.3019    Loss_Yolo 6.1347e+01
[Iter:372] LR:9.986740958819033e-05 	    Time 1.1875    Loss_Yolo 5.6342e+01
[Iter:373] LR:9.986669417001533e-05 	    Time 1.2255    Loss_Yolo 6.0169e+01
[Iter:374] LR:9.986597682951534e-05 	    Time 1.3402    Loss_Yolo 6.9030e+01
[Iter:375] LR:9.986525756671803e-05 	    Time 1.3203    Loss_Yolo 7.6548e+01
[Iter:376] LR:9.986453638165112e-05 	    Time 1.2708    Loss_Yolo 7.7286e+01
[Iter:377] LR:9.986381327434242e-05 	    Time 1.3107    Loss_Yolo 9.0471e+01
[Iter:378] LR:9.986308824481983e-05 	    Time 1.3058    Loss_Yolo 7.7052e+01
[Iter:379] LR:9.986236129311126e-05 	    Time 1.1739    Loss_Yolo 6.9187e+01
[Iter:380] LR:9.986163241924476e-05 	    Time 1.2176    Loss_Yolo 6.9959e+01
[Iter:381] LR:9.986090162324844e-05 	    Time 1.3695    Loss_Yolo 1.1227e+02
[Iter:382] LR:9.986016890515044e-05 	    Time 1.4246    Loss_Yolo 9.6013e+01
[Iter:383] LR:9.985943426497906e-05 	    Time 1.2624    Loss_Yolo 7.4854e+01
[Iter:384] LR:9.985869770276257e-05 	    Time 1.3530    Loss_Yolo 9.0908e+01
[Iter:385] LR:9.98579592185294e-05 	    Time 1.2599    Loss_Yolo 8.2006e+01
[Iter:386] LR:9.985721881230801e-05 	    Time 1.4714    Loss_Yolo 1.2356e+02
[Iter:387] LR:9.985647648412694e-05 	    Time 1.2635    Loss_Yolo 7.8315e+01
[Iter:388] LR:9.985573223401481e-05 	    Time 1.1889    Loss_Yolo 6.2233e+01
[Iter:389] LR:9.985498606200032e-05 	    Time 1.4012    Loss_Yolo 1.0005e+02
[Iter:390] LR:9.985423796811225e-05 	    Time 1.1636    Loss_Yolo 5.1532e+01
[Iter:391] LR:9.985348795237942e-05 	    Time 1.2277    Loss_Yolo 6.9817e+01
[Iter:392] LR:9.985273601483074e-05 	    Time 1.3823    Loss_Yolo 1.1422e+02
[Iter:393] LR:9.985198215549523e-05 	    Time 1.1904    Loss_Yolo 5.5998e+01
[Iter:394] LR:9.985122637440192e-05 	    Time 1.7562    Loss_Yolo 1.3144e+02
[Iter:395] LR:9.985046867157998e-05 	    Time 1.3068    Loss_Yolo 7.6718e+01
[Iter:396] LR:9.984970904705859e-05 	    Time 1.3203    Loss_Yolo 8.7938e+01
[Iter:397] LR:9.984894750086706e-05 	    Time 1.3368    Loss_Yolo 1.0109e+02
[Iter:398] LR:9.984818403303473e-05 	    Time 1.5736    Loss_Yolo 1.2580e+02
[Iter:399] LR:9.984741864359106e-05 	    Time 1.3021    Loss_Yolo 7.2762e+01
[Iter:400] LR:9.984665133256554e-05 	    Time 1.4203    Loss_Yolo 1.1191e+02
[Iter:400]     Time 1.3270    Loss_Yolo 8.3478e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.5052e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-00400-val_Loss_Yolo_95.0521.pth
[Iter:401] LR:9.984588209998774e-05 	    Time 1.2684    Loss_Yolo 6.2025e+01
[Iter:402] LR:9.984511094588734e-05 	    Time 1.2348    Loss_Yolo 6.2529e+01
[Iter:403] LR:9.984433787029407e-05 	    Time 1.2932    Loss_Yolo 8.1004e+01
[Iter:404] LR:9.984356287323771e-05 	    Time 1.2195    Loss_Yolo 6.3006e+01
[Iter:405] LR:9.984278595474817e-05 	    Time 1.1728    Loss_Yolo 5.4083e+01
[Iter:406] LR:9.984200711485537e-05 	    Time 1.3497    Loss_Yolo 9.4245e+01
[Iter:407] LR:9.984122635358938e-05 	    Time 1.1816    Loss_Yolo 6.4166e+01
[Iter:408] LR:9.984044367098026e-05 	    Time 1.3617    Loss_Yolo 9.5496e+01
[Iter:409] LR:9.983965906705819e-05 	    Time 1.3978    Loss_Yolo 9.3877e+01
[Iter:410] LR:9.983887254185344e-05 	    Time 1.3135    Loss_Yolo 7.5678e+01
[Iter:411] LR:9.983808409539633e-05 	    Time 1.2669    Loss_Yolo 7.1240e+01
[Iter:412] LR:9.983729372771724e-05 	    Time 1.2489    Loss_Yolo 8.2065e+01
[Iter:413] LR:9.983650143884666e-05 	    Time 1.2900    Loss_Yolo 8.8445e+01
[Iter:414] LR:9.983570722881511e-05 	    Time 1.3091    Loss_Yolo 7.8688e+01
[Iter:415] LR:9.983491109765323e-05 	    Time 1.3235    Loss_Yolo 8.1299e+01
[Iter:416] LR:9.983411304539173e-05 	    Time 1.2221    Loss_Yolo 6.1578e+01
[Iter:417] LR:9.983331307206132e-05 	    Time 1.2351    Loss_Yolo 8.5574e+01
[Iter:418] LR:9.98325111776929e-05 	    Time 1.2959    Loss_Yolo 8.2971e+01
[Iter:419] LR:9.983170736231736e-05 	    Time 1.2618    Loss_Yolo 6.9576e+01
[Iter:420] LR:9.983090162596569e-05 	    Time 1.2047    Loss_Yolo 6.2092e+01
[Iter:421] LR:9.983009396866896e-05 	    Time 1.2629    Loss_Yolo 7.4853e+01
[Iter:422] LR:9.98292843904583e-05 	    Time 1.2253    Loss_Yolo 7.2187e+01
[Iter:423] LR:9.982847289136491e-05 	    Time 1.2410    Loss_Yolo 7.2602e+01
[Iter:424] LR:9.98276594714201e-05 	    Time 1.2839    Loss_Yolo 7.5769e+01
[Iter:425] LR:9.982684413065524e-05 	    Time 1.2445    Loss_Yolo 7.6907e+01
[Iter:426] LR:9.982602686910174e-05 	    Time 1.2718    Loss_Yolo 7.7356e+01
[Iter:427] LR:9.98252076867911e-05 	    Time 1.1967    Loss_Yolo 6.2328e+01
[Iter:428] LR:9.982438658375491e-05 	    Time 1.3115    Loss_Yolo 8.7181e+01
[Iter:429] LR:9.982356356002486e-05 	    Time 1.2826    Loss_Yolo 8.4056e+01
[Iter:430] LR:9.982273861563263e-05 	    Time 1.2488    Loss_Yolo 7.6982e+01
[Iter:431] LR:9.982191175061003e-05 	    Time 1.5082    Loss_Yolo 1.4108e+02
[Iter:432] LR:9.982108296498898e-05 	    Time 1.2026    Loss_Yolo 6.8339e+01
[Iter:433] LR:9.98202522588014e-05 	    Time 1.3431    Loss_Yolo 1.0394e+02
[Iter:434] LR:9.981941963207933e-05 	    Time 1.2136    Loss_Yolo 6.9678e+01
[Iter:435] LR:9.981858508485486e-05 	    Time 1.2182    Loss_Yolo 6.4249e+01
[Iter:436] LR:9.981774861716015e-05 	    Time 1.3991    Loss_Yolo 1.1669e+02
[Iter:437] LR:9.981691022902748e-05 	    Time 1.3326    Loss_Yolo 9.2533e+01
[Iter:438] LR:9.981606992048915e-05 	    Time 1.2838    Loss_Yolo 7.8568e+01
[Iter:439] LR:9.981522769157758e-05 	    Time 1.3451    Loss_Yolo 9.9771e+01
[Iter:440] LR:9.98143835423252e-05 	    Time 1.2488    Loss_Yolo 7.2719e+01
[Iter:440]     Time 1.2779    Loss_Yolo 7.9436e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.0138e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 92.5832223331227 to 90.13770608340992
Save model to ./models/Iter-00440-val_Loss_Yolo_90.1377.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00440-val_Loss_Yolo_90.1377.pth
[Iter:441] LR:9.98135374727646e-05 	    Time 1.2721    Loss_Yolo 7.8852e+01
[Iter:442] LR:9.981268948292838e-05 	    Time 1.3263    Loss_Yolo 8.1495e+01
[Iter:443] LR:9.981183957284923e-05 	    Time 1.2764    Loss_Yolo 8.3057e+01
[Iter:444] LR:9.981098774255991e-05 	    Time 1.1655    Loss_Yolo 5.5050e+01
[Iter:445] LR:9.981013399209327e-05 	    Time 1.6770    Loss_Yolo 7.4638e+01
[Iter:446] LR:9.980927832148221e-05 	    Time 2.0182    Loss_Yolo 4.4097e+01
[Iter:447] LR:9.980842073075976e-05 	    Time 2.3224    Loss_Yolo 7.3750e+01
[Iter:448] LR:9.980756121995895e-05 	    Time 2.5920    Loss_Yolo 8.5248e+01
[Iter:449] LR:9.980669978911291e-05 	    Time 2.3672    Loss_Yolo 6.8071e+01
[Iter:450] LR:9.980583643825486e-05 	    Time 2.0881    Loss_Yolo 8.8856e+01
[Iter:451] LR:9.980497116741811e-05 	    Time 2.2976    Loss_Yolo 7.9636e+01
[Iter:452] LR:9.980410397663598e-05 	    Time 1.8865    Loss_Yolo 1.0381e+02
[Iter:453] LR:9.980323486594191e-05 	    Time 1.3219    Loss_Yolo 7.2951e+01
[Iter:454] LR:9.980236383536944e-05 	    Time 1.3494    Loss_Yolo 8.8050e+01
[Iter:455] LR:9.980149088495213e-05 	    Time 1.4861    Loss_Yolo 1.3977e+02
[Iter:456] LR:9.980061601472359e-05 	    Time 1.4907    Loss_Yolo 1.1558e+02
[Iter:457] LR:9.979973922471764e-05 	    Time 1.3416    Loss_Yolo 7.6941e+01
[Iter:458] LR:9.979886051496801e-05 	    Time 1.2387    Loss_Yolo 5.6114e+01
[Iter:459] LR:9.97979798855086e-05 	    Time 1.4079    Loss_Yolo 8.0838e+01
[Iter:460] LR:9.979709733637336e-05 	    Time 1.3210    Loss_Yolo 6.2988e+01
[Iter:461] LR:9.979621286759633e-05 	    Time 1.2098    Loss_Yolo 6.7763e+01
[Iter:462] LR:9.979532647921159e-05 	    Time 1.2429    Loss_Yolo 7.6499e+01
[Iter:463] LR:9.979443817125332e-05 	    Time 1.2531    Loss_Yolo 6.8292e+01
[Iter:464] LR:9.979354794375577e-05 	    Time 1.3648    Loss_Yolo 1.0599e+02
[Iter:465] LR:9.979265579675326e-05 	    Time 1.2558    Loss_Yolo 5.1571e+01
[Iter:466] LR:9.979176173028019e-05 	    Time 1.3421    Loss_Yolo 7.3062e+01
[Iter:467] LR:9.9790865744371e-05 	    Time 1.2722    Loss_Yolo 6.3529e+01
[Iter:468] LR:9.978996783906027e-05 	    Time 1.2582    Loss_Yolo 7.3494e+01
[Iter:469] LR:9.97890680143826e-05 	    Time 1.3210    Loss_Yolo 8.7315e+01
[Iter:470] LR:9.978816627037267e-05 	    Time 1.2324    Loss_Yolo 7.1651e+01
[Iter:471] LR:9.978726260706528e-05 	    Time 1.3680    Loss_Yolo 1.1349e+02
[Iter:472] LR:9.978635702449524e-05 	    Time 1.3513    Loss_Yolo 8.6855e+01
[Iter:473] LR:9.978544952269746e-05 	    Time 1.2107    Loss_Yolo 7.1513e+01
[Iter:474] LR:9.978454010170695e-05 	    Time 1.2968    Loss_Yolo 8.7518e+01
[Iter:475] LR:9.978362876155875e-05 	    Time 1.1421    Loss_Yolo 5.4702e+01
[Iter:476] LR:9.978271550228801e-05 	    Time 1.2589    Loss_Yolo 7.5459e+01
[Iter:477] LR:9.978180032392992e-05 	    Time 1.1643    Loss_Yolo 6.2282e+01
[Iter:478] LR:9.978088322651979e-05 	    Time 1.2697    Loss_Yolo 9.0945e+01
[Iter:479] LR:9.977996421009295e-05 	    Time 1.3380    Loss_Yolo 8.9564e+01
[Iter:480] LR:9.977904327468486e-05 	    Time 1.2542    Loss_Yolo 7.2352e+01
[Iter:480]     Time 1.4663    Loss_Yolo 7.8841e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 9.1042e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-00480-val_Loss_Yolo_91.0420.pth
[Iter:481] LR:9.9778120420331e-05 	    Time 13.7685    Loss_Yolo 6.7586e+01
[Iter:482] LR:9.977719564706695e-05 	    Time 3.1487    Loss_Yolo 6.5417e+01
[Iter:483] LR:9.977626895492837e-05 	    Time 1.4313    Loss_Yolo 5.8431e+01
[Iter:484] LR:9.977534034395099e-05 	    Time 1.2878    Loss_Yolo 6.6433e+01
[Iter:485] LR:9.97744098141706e-05 	    Time 1.2011    Loss_Yolo 7.0307e+01
[Iter:486] LR:9.977347736562311e-05 	    Time 1.2192    Loss_Yolo 5.3358e+01
[Iter:487] LR:9.977254299834443e-05 	    Time 1.2310    Loss_Yolo 6.5395e+01
[Iter:488] LR:9.977160671237059e-05 	    Time 1.2410    Loss_Yolo 6.4471e+01
[Iter:489] LR:9.97706685077377e-05 	    Time 1.2940    Loss_Yolo 8.1369e+01
[Iter:490] LR:9.976972838448189e-05 	    Time 1.2541    Loss_Yolo 8.5486e+01
[Iter:491] LR:9.976878634263946e-05 	    Time 1.3365    Loss_Yolo 9.6331e+01
[Iter:492] LR:9.97678423822467e-05 	    Time 1.3691    Loss_Yolo 9.8143e+01
[Iter:493] LR:9.976689650334002e-05 	    Time 1.2242    Loss_Yolo 7.4972e+01
[Iter:494] LR:9.976594870595587e-05 	    Time 1.2667    Loss_Yolo 7.2329e+01
[Iter:495] LR:9.976499899013079e-05 	    Time 1.2461    Loss_Yolo 7.6076e+01
[Iter:496] LR:9.97640473559014e-05 	    Time 1.4176    Loss_Yolo 1.0807e+02
[Iter:497] LR:9.97630938033044e-05 	    Time 1.3143    Loss_Yolo 8.8219e+01
[Iter:498] LR:9.976213833237653e-05 	    Time 1.2994    Loss_Yolo 7.3134e+01
[Iter:499] LR:9.976118094315462e-05 	    Time 1.2446    Loss_Yolo 6.9975e+01
[Iter:500] LR:9.976022163567563e-05 	    Time 1.1837    Loss_Yolo 5.1728e+01
[Iter:501] LR:9.975926040997649e-05 	    Time 1.2789    Loss_Yolo 5.9772e+01
[Iter:502] LR:9.975829726609428e-05 	    Time 1.3043    Loss_Yolo 9.2679e+01
[Iter:503] LR:9.975733220406614e-05 	    Time 1.2629    Loss_Yolo 6.8201e+01
[Iter:504] LR:9.975636522392926e-05 	    Time 1.2471    Loss_Yolo 6.8625e+01
[Iter:505] LR:9.975539632572095e-05 	    Time 1.5635    Loss_Yolo 1.0024e+02
[Iter:506] LR:9.975442550947852e-05 	    Time 1.2952    Loss_Yolo 7.6657e+01
[Iter:507] LR:9.975345277523944e-05 	    Time 1.2262    Loss_Yolo 5.7088e+01
[Iter:508] LR:9.975247812304118e-05 	    Time 1.2688    Loss_Yolo 7.4178e+01
[Iter:509] LR:9.975150155292132e-05 	    Time 1.3677    Loss_Yolo 1.0797e+02
[Iter:510] LR:9.975052306491754e-05 	    Time 1.3155    Loss_Yolo 9.9530e+01
[Iter:511] LR:9.974954265906751e-05 	    Time 1.3238    Loss_Yolo 8.4955e+01
[Iter:512] LR:9.974856033540908e-05 	    Time 1.2587    Loss_Yolo 6.8592e+01
[Iter:513] LR:9.974757609398012e-05 	    Time 1.2756    Loss_Yolo 7.9511e+01
[Iter:514] LR:9.974658993481851e-05 	    Time 1.2436    Loss_Yolo 7.5532e+01
[Iter:515] LR:9.974560185796235e-05 	    Time 1.2706    Loss_Yolo 7.6571e+01
[Iter:516] LR:9.97446118634497e-05 	    Time 1.3101    Loss_Yolo 7.2137e+01
[Iter:517] LR:9.974361995131873e-05 	    Time 1.4141    Loss_Yolo 8.3665e+01
[Iter:518] LR:9.974262612160765e-05 	    Time 1.1820    Loss_Yolo 5.6558e+01
[Iter:519] LR:9.974163037435484e-05 	    Time 1.3173    Loss_Yolo 7.7202e+01
[Iter:520] LR:9.974063270959863e-05 	    Time 1.1823    Loss_Yolo 6.3114e+01
[Iter:520]     Time 1.6472    Loss_Yolo 7.5750e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.7729e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 90.13770608340992 to 87.72913854262409
Save model to ./models/Iter-00520-val_Loss_Yolo_87.7291.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00520-val_Loss_Yolo_87.7291.pth
[Iter:521] LR:9.973963312737753e-05 	    Time 1.2857    Loss_Yolo 6.9760e+01
[Iter:522] LR:9.973863162773002e-05 	    Time 1.2784    Loss_Yolo 7.1902e+01
[Iter:523] LR:9.973762821069477e-05 	    Time 1.2471    Loss_Yolo 6.0493e+01
[Iter:524] LR:9.973662287631043e-05 	    Time 1.4214    Loss_Yolo 9.2839e+01
[Iter:525] LR:9.973561562461576e-05 	    Time 1.3238    Loss_Yolo 6.5359e+01
[Iter:526] LR:9.973460645564962e-05 	    Time 1.3907    Loss_Yolo 8.2472e+01
[Iter:527] LR:9.973359536945089e-05 	    Time 1.2562    Loss_Yolo 7.8769e+01
[Iter:528] LR:9.973258236605855e-05 	    Time 1.4303    Loss_Yolo 1.0178e+02
[Iter:529] LR:9.973156744551166e-05 	    Time 1.2729    Loss_Yolo 8.8384e+01
[Iter:530] LR:9.973055060784936e-05 	    Time 1.2273    Loss_Yolo 5.7075e+01
[Iter:531] LR:9.972953185311083e-05 	    Time 1.3089    Loss_Yolo 8.0998e+01
[Iter:532] LR:9.972851118133538e-05 	    Time 1.2281    Loss_Yolo 7.6000e+01
[Iter:533] LR:9.972748859256234e-05 	    Time 1.9207    Loss_Yolo 9.0323e+01
[Iter:534] LR:9.972646408683111e-05 	    Time 1.8867    Loss_Yolo 8.2245e+01
[Iter:535] LR:9.972543766418122e-05 	    Time 2.1431    Loss_Yolo 8.4830e+01
[Iter:536] LR:9.972440932465224e-05 	    Time 2.5830    Loss_Yolo 6.5813e+01
[Iter:537] LR:9.972337906828381e-05 	    Time 1.8431    Loss_Yolo 4.4207e+01
[Iter:538] LR:9.972234689511564e-05 	    Time 2.2273    Loss_Yolo 7.9581e+01
[Iter:539] LR:9.972131280518754e-05 	    Time 2.1424    Loss_Yolo 6.5203e+01
[Iter:540] LR:9.972027679853936e-05 	    Time 1.9644    Loss_Yolo 7.9185e+01
[Iter:541] LR:9.971923887521107e-05 	    Time 1.9292    Loss_Yolo 7.3713e+01
[Iter:542] LR:9.971819903524264e-05 	    Time 1.8822    Loss_Yolo 9.0264e+01
[Iter:543] LR:9.97171572786742e-05 	    Time 1.4678    Loss_Yolo 7.6525e+01
[Iter:544] LR:9.971611360554589e-05 	    Time 1.3362    Loss_Yolo 6.0244e+01
[Iter:545] LR:9.971506801589797e-05 	    Time 1.3138    Loss_Yolo 6.2775e+01
[Iter:546] LR:9.971402050977072e-05 	    Time 1.2711    Loss_Yolo 7.9667e+01
[Iter:547] LR:9.971297108720454e-05 	    Time 1.2811    Loss_Yolo 6.7348e+01
[Iter:548] LR:9.97119197482399e-05 	    Time 1.5021    Loss_Yolo 1.2479e+02
[Iter:549] LR:9.971086649291731e-05 	    Time 1.3671    Loss_Yolo 8.3651e+01
[Iter:550] LR:9.97098113212774e-05 	    Time 1.2794    Loss_Yolo 6.4299e+01
[Iter:551] LR:9.970875423336083e-05 	    Time 1.5059    Loss_Yolo 7.5091e+01
[Iter:552] LR:9.970769522920836e-05 	    Time 1.2219    Loss_Yolo 6.4170e+01
[Iter:553] LR:9.970663430886082e-05 	    Time 1.2719    Loss_Yolo 6.4041e+01
[Iter:554] LR:9.970557147235912e-05 	    Time 1.2587    Loss_Yolo 7.2867e+01
[Iter:555] LR:9.970450671974421e-05 	    Time 1.3301    Loss_Yolo 7.5475e+01
[Iter:556] LR:9.970344005105718e-05 	    Time 1.5231    Loss_Yolo 9.6067e+01
[Iter:557] LR:9.970237146633911e-05 	    Time 1.3013    Loss_Yolo 6.8360e+01
[Iter:558] LR:9.970130096563123e-05 	    Time 1.3358    Loss_Yolo 7.1033e+01
[Iter:559] LR:9.970022854897479e-05 	    Time 1.3304    Loss_Yolo 1.0423e+02
[Iter:560] LR:9.969915421641115e-05 	    Time 1.2137    Loss_Yolo 6.9055e+01
[Iter:560]     Time 1.5076    Loss_Yolo 7.6522e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.6355e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 87.72913854262409 to 86.35508324118221
Save model to ./models/Iter-00560-val_Loss_Yolo_86.3551.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00560-val_Loss_Yolo_86.3551.pth
[Iter:561] LR:9.969807796798171e-05 	    Time 1.1690    Loss_Yolo 5.0425e+01
[Iter:562] LR:9.9696999803728e-05 	    Time 1.3808    Loss_Yolo 8.6836e+01
[Iter:563] LR:9.969591972369153e-05 	    Time 1.4039    Loss_Yolo 9.5958e+01
[Iter:564] LR:9.969483772791399e-05 	    Time 1.2176    Loss_Yolo 5.9469e+01
[Iter:565] LR:9.969375381643708e-05 	    Time 1.2035    Loss_Yolo 5.2909e+01
[Iter:566] LR:9.969266798930258e-05 	    Time 1.2164    Loss_Yolo 6.3560e+01
[Iter:567] LR:9.969158024655235e-05 	    Time 1.5554    Loss_Yolo 1.2485e+02
[Iter:568] LR:9.969049058822836e-05 	    Time 1.2739    Loss_Yolo 7.4031e+01
[Iter:569] LR:9.968939901437256e-05 	    Time 1.3241    Loss_Yolo 8.7530e+01
[Iter:570] LR:9.968830552502708e-05 	    Time 1.4169    Loss_Yolo 9.1555e+01
[Iter:571] LR:9.968721012023406e-05 	    Time 1.3703    Loss_Yolo 7.4964e+01
[Iter:572] LR:9.968611280003574e-05 	    Time 1.2135    Loss_Yolo 5.5110e+01
[Iter:573] LR:9.968501356447442e-05 	    Time 1.2937    Loss_Yolo 7.1387e+01
[Iter:574] LR:9.968391241359248e-05 	    Time 1.2028    Loss_Yolo 6.6941e+01
[Iter:575] LR:9.968280934743237e-05 	    Time 1.3319    Loss_Yolo 9.5142e+01
[Iter:576] LR:9.968170436603662e-05 	    Time 1.2524    Loss_Yolo 6.6304e+01
[Iter:577] LR:9.968059746944783e-05 	    Time 1.2411    Loss_Yolo 7.1018e+01
[Iter:578] LR:9.967948865770866e-05 	    Time 1.2802    Loss_Yolo 9.3045e+01
[Iter:579] LR:9.967837793086189e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 7.8416e+01
[Iter:580] LR:9.967726528895031e-05 	    Time 1.2603    Loss_Yolo 7.5391e+01
[Iter:581] LR:9.967615073201683e-05 	    Time 1.3651    Loss_Yolo 1.0151e+02
[Iter:582] LR:9.967503426010443e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 6.9724e+01
[Iter:583] LR:9.967391587325615e-05 	    Time 1.2766    Loss_Yolo 7.3819e+01
[Iter:584] LR:9.967279557151508e-05 	    Time 1.4141    Loss_Yolo 1.1098e+02
[Iter:585] LR:9.967167335492443e-05 	    Time 1.2146    Loss_Yolo 6.4225e+01
[Iter:586] LR:9.967054922352748e-05 	    Time 1.2795    Loss_Yolo 9.0440e+01
[Iter:587] LR:9.966942317736755e-05 	    Time 1.2421    Loss_Yolo 7.6229e+01
[Iter:588] LR:9.966829521648806e-05 	    Time 1.2481    Loss_Yolo 6.4476e+01
[Iter:589] LR:9.96671653409325e-05 	    Time 1.3820    Loss_Yolo 9.1200e+01
[Iter:590] LR:9.966603355074441e-05 	    Time 1.1966    Loss_Yolo 6.0851e+01
[Iter:591] LR:9.966489984596745e-05 	    Time 1.3625    Loss_Yolo 9.6839e+01
[Iter:592] LR:9.966376422664529e-05 	    Time 1.2865    Loss_Yolo 9.5029e+01
[Iter:593] LR:9.966262669282176e-05 	    Time 1.2332    Loss_Yolo 6.2680e+01
[Iter:594] LR:9.96614872445407e-05 	    Time 1.2472    Loss_Yolo 7.7027e+01
[Iter:595] LR:9.966034588184602e-05 	    Time 1.2413    Loss_Yolo 7.2214e+01
[Iter:596] LR:9.965920260478174e-05 	    Time 1.2229    Loss_Yolo 6.6885e+01
[Iter:597] LR:9.965805741339193e-05 	    Time 1.2255    Loss_Yolo 7.3971e+01
[Iter:598] LR:9.965691030772075e-05 	    Time 1.2113    Loss_Yolo 6.6086e+01
[Iter:599] LR:9.96557612878124e-05 	    Time 1.3413    Loss_Yolo 1.0374e+02
[Iter:600] LR:9.965461035371121e-05 	    Time 1.2047    Loss_Yolo 6.3658e+01
[Iter:600]     Time 1.2832    Loss_Yolo 7.7911e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.6678e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-00600-val_Loss_Yolo_86.6776.pth
[Iter:601] LR:9.965345750546155e-05 	    Time 1.1892    Loss_Yolo 4.9025e+01
[Iter:602] LR:9.965230274310785e-05 	    Time 1.2892    Loss_Yolo 7.3769e+01
[Iter:603] LR:9.965114606669461e-05 	    Time 1.3773    Loss_Yolo 9.6893e+01
[Iter:604] LR:9.964998747626647e-05 	    Time 1.1299    Loss_Yolo 4.1112e+01
[Iter:605] LR:9.964882697186806e-05 	    Time 1.3398    Loss_Yolo 1.0298e+02
[Iter:606] LR:9.964766455354416e-05 	    Time 1.2950    Loss_Yolo 8.0727e+01
[Iter:607] LR:9.964650022133953e-05 	    Time 1.2241    Loss_Yolo 6.4816e+01
[Iter:608] LR:9.964533397529912e-05 	    Time 1.2721    Loss_Yolo 7.7152e+01
[Iter:609] LR:9.964416581546784e-05 	    Time 1.1463    Loss_Yolo 4.7419e+01
[Iter:610] LR:9.964299574189076e-05 	    Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 8.2926e+01
[Iter:611] LR:9.964182375461296e-05 	    Time 1.3236    Loss_Yolo 8.6533e+01
[Iter:612] LR:9.964064985367966e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 7.2402e+01
[Iter:613] LR:9.96394740391361e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 6.3035e+01
[Iter:614] LR:9.96382963110276e-05 	    Time 1.2399    Loss_Yolo 7.4214e+01
[Iter:615] LR:9.963711666939959e-05 	    Time 1.2134    Loss_Yolo 6.9449e+01
[Iter:616] LR:9.963593511429752e-05 	    Time 1.4246    Loss_Yolo 9.7488e+01
[Iter:617] LR:9.963475164576696e-05 	    Time 1.3025    Loss_Yolo 8.8687e+01
[Iter:618] LR:9.963356626385354e-05 	    Time 1.3240    Loss_Yolo 7.4139e+01
[Iter:619] LR:9.963237896860297e-05 	    Time 1.2557    Loss_Yolo 7.9798e+01
[Iter:620] LR:9.963118976006099e-05 	    Time 1.3914    Loss_Yolo 9.9913e+01
[Iter:621] LR:9.962999863827345e-05 	    Time 1.4233    Loss_Yolo 1.0498e+02
[Iter:622] LR:9.96288056032863e-05 	    Time 1.1870    Loss_Yolo 5.5554e+01
[Iter:623] LR:9.962761065514554e-05 	    Time 1.2303    Loss_Yolo 6.6126e+01
[Iter:624] LR:9.96264137938972e-05 	    Time 1.1765    Loss_Yolo 5.2783e+01
[Iter:625] LR:9.962521501958746e-05 	    Time 1.6154    Loss_Yolo 9.8353e+01
[Iter:626] LR:9.962401433226252e-05 	    Time 1.5897    Loss_Yolo 5.4281e+01
[Iter:627] LR:9.962281173196866e-05 	    Time 1.9822    Loss_Yolo 6.8449e+01
[Iter:628] LR:9.962160721875226e-05 	    Time 2.6472    Loss_Yolo 8.1222e+01
[Iter:629] LR:9.962040079265976e-05 	    Time 1.9040    Loss_Yolo 6.4714e+01
[Iter:630] LR:9.961919245373765e-05 	    Time 2.1330    Loss_Yolo 5.7209e+01
[Iter:631] LR:9.961798220203253e-05 	    Time 1.5176    Loss_Yolo 6.0931e+01
[Iter:632] LR:9.961677003759107e-05 	    Time 1.8465    Loss_Yolo 9.1810e+01
[Iter:633] LR:9.961555596045999e-05 	    Time 2.0450    Loss_Yolo 7.6013e+01
[Iter:634] LR:9.961433997068608e-05 	    Time 1.5311    Loss_Yolo 6.0106e+01
[Iter:635] LR:9.961312206831627e-05 	    Time 1.3242    Loss_Yolo 4.7456e+01
[Iter:636] LR:9.961190225339746e-05 	    Time 1.2340    Loss_Yolo 5.1787e+01
[Iter:637] LR:9.96106805259767e-05 	    Time 1.3837    Loss_Yolo 8.6768e+01
[Iter:638] LR:9.96094568861011e-05 	    Time 1.3363    Loss_Yolo 6.1169e+01
[Iter:639] LR:9.960823133381782e-05 	    Time 1.2819    Loss_Yolo 8.0258e+01
[Iter:640] LR:9.960700386917413e-05 	    Time 1.1901    Loss_Yolo 5.7716e+01
[Iter:640]     Time 1.4270    Loss_Yolo 7.2504e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.4649e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 86.35508324118221 to 84.64933193431182
Save model to ./models/Iter-00640-val_Loss_Yolo_84.6493.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00640-val_Loss_Yolo_84.6493.pth
[Iter:641] LR:9.960577449221733e-05 	    Time 14.9667    Loss_Yolo 4.7419e+01
[Iter:642] LR:9.960454320299482e-05 	    Time 2.1004    Loss_Yolo 7.3935e+01
[Iter:643] LR:9.960331000155406e-05 	    Time 1.4996    Loss_Yolo 6.2609e+01
[Iter:644] LR:9.960207488794263e-05 	    Time 1.2208    Loss_Yolo 5.9655e+01
[Iter:645] LR:9.960083786220812e-05 	    Time 1.6026    Loss_Yolo 1.1518e+02
[Iter:646] LR:9.959959892439823e-05 	    Time 1.2902    Loss_Yolo 6.6882e+01
[Iter:647] LR:9.959835807456072e-05 	    Time 1.3070    Loss_Yolo 7.7308e+01
[Iter:648] LR:9.959711531274342e-05 	    Time 1.4022    Loss_Yolo 1.0411e+02
[Iter:649] LR:9.959587063899427e-05 	    Time 1.2543    Loss_Yolo 6.1235e+01
[Iter:650] LR:9.959462405336123e-05 	    Time 1.3892    Loss_Yolo 9.6587e+01
[Iter:651] LR:9.959337555589237e-05 	    Time 1.2671    Loss_Yolo 4.6705e+01
[Iter:652] LR:9.959212514663582e-05 	    Time 1.1996    Loss_Yolo 5.1340e+01
[Iter:653] LR:9.95908728256398e-05 	    Time 1.4023    Loss_Yolo 1.0983e+02
[Iter:654] LR:9.958961859295256e-05 	    Time 1.1486    Loss_Yolo 4.5553e+01
[Iter:655] LR:9.958836244862249e-05 	    Time 1.1447    Loss_Yolo 4.6792e+01
[Iter:656] LR:9.9587104392698e-05 	    Time 1.4329    Loss_Yolo 1.0791e+02
[Iter:657] LR:9.958584442522761e-05 	    Time 1.3102    Loss_Yolo 7.9472e+01
[Iter:658] LR:9.958458254625985e-05 	    Time 1.1861    Loss_Yolo 5.7806e+01
[Iter:659] LR:9.958331875584341e-05 	    Time 1.2271    Loss_Yolo 6.5682e+01
[Iter:660] LR:9.958205305402703e-05 	    Time 1.3448    Loss_Yolo 8.2584e+01
[Iter:661] LR:9.958078544085945e-05 	    Time 1.1274    Loss_Yolo 3.9944e+01
[Iter:662] LR:9.957951591638957e-05 	    Time 1.3024    Loss_Yolo 8.4065e+01
[Iter:663] LR:9.957824448066636e-05 	    Time 1.1832    Loss_Yolo 5.7157e+01
[Iter:664] LR:9.95769711337388e-05 	    Time 1.1796    Loss_Yolo 5.7092e+01
[Iter:665] LR:9.957569587565599e-05 	    Time 1.4730    Loss_Yolo 1.0773e+02
[Iter:666] LR:9.957441870646711e-05 	    Time 1.5800    Loss_Yolo 1.1585e+02
[Iter:667] LR:9.957313962622137e-05 	    Time 1.3448    Loss_Yolo 8.1635e+01
[Iter:668] LR:9.957185863496812e-05 	    Time 1.2073    Loss_Yolo 5.9131e+01
[Iter:669] LR:9.957057573275671e-05 	    Time 1.2684    Loss_Yolo 6.4698e+01
[Iter:670] LR:9.956929091963663e-05 	    Time 1.2219    Loss_Yolo 6.1985e+01
[Iter:671] LR:9.956800419565739e-05 	    Time 1.3066    Loss_Yolo 8.2244e+01
[Iter:672] LR:9.956671556086862e-05 	    Time 1.2621    Loss_Yolo 6.3742e+01
[Iter:673] LR:9.956542501531999e-05 	    Time 1.3401    Loss_Yolo 8.3070e+01
[Iter:674] LR:9.956413255906125e-05 	    Time 1.3185    Loss_Yolo 8.4467e+01
[Iter:675] LR:9.956283819214222e-05 	    Time 1.2216    Loss_Yolo 5.5223e+01
[Iter:676] LR:9.956154191461282e-05 	    Time 1.3641    Loss_Yolo 8.9589e+01
[Iter:677] LR:9.956024372652303e-05 	    Time 1.3787    Loss_Yolo 9.4831e+01
[Iter:678] LR:9.955894362792288e-05 	    Time 1.2169    Loss_Yolo 5.4548e+01
[Iter:679] LR:9.955764161886249e-05 	    Time 1.3311    Loss_Yolo 7.3951e+01
[Iter:680] LR:9.955633769939208e-05 	    Time 1.2224    Loss_Yolo 5.8998e+01
[Iter:680]     Time 1.6637    Loss_Yolo 7.3214e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.4060e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 84.64933193431182 to 84.0598638197955
Save model to ./models/Iter-00680-val_Loss_Yolo_84.0599.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00680-val_Loss_Yolo_84.0599.pth
[Iter:681] LR:9.955503186956191e-05 	    Time 1.3306    Loss_Yolo 7.0971e+01
[Iter:682] LR:9.955372412942233e-05 	    Time 1.4105    Loss_Yolo 9.5655e+01
[Iter:683] LR:9.955241447902373e-05 	    Time 1.2515    Loss_Yolo 6.7511e+01
[Iter:684] LR:9.955110291841662e-05 	    Time 1.3142    Loss_Yolo 7.1016e+01
[Iter:685] LR:9.954978944765158e-05 	    Time 1.1931    Loss_Yolo 5.8244e+01
[Iter:686] LR:9.954847406677923e-05 	    Time 1.2316    Loss_Yolo 6.4087e+01
[Iter:687] LR:9.954715677585028e-05 	    Time 1.2170    Loss_Yolo 6.2490e+01
[Iter:688] LR:9.954583757491554e-05 	    Time 1.1735    Loss_Yolo 5.0316e+01
[Iter:689] LR:9.954451646402582e-05 	    Time 1.3031    Loss_Yolo 8.1384e+01
[Iter:690] LR:9.95431934432321e-05 	    Time 1.2697    Loss_Yolo 7.3465e+01
[Iter:691] LR:9.954186851258538e-05 	    Time 1.2143    Loss_Yolo 5.9193e+01
[Iter:692] LR:9.954054167213672e-05 	    Time 1.2243    Loss_Yolo 6.1182e+01
[Iter:693] LR:9.953921292193728e-05 	    Time 1.1656    Loss_Yolo 5.1465e+01
[Iter:694] LR:9.95378822620383e-05 	    Time 1.2617    Loss_Yolo 7.1143e+01
[Iter:695] LR:9.953654969249107e-05 	    Time 1.2398    Loss_Yolo 7.7240e+01
[Iter:696] LR:9.953521521334697e-05 	    Time 1.3278    Loss_Yolo 8.2322e+01
[Iter:697] LR:9.953387882465744e-05 	    Time 1.2865    Loss_Yolo 6.1896e+01
[Iter:698] LR:9.953254052647403e-05 	    Time 1.4468    Loss_Yolo 1.1136e+02
[Iter:699] LR:9.953120031884828e-05 	    Time 1.2624    Loss_Yolo 7.5551e+01
[Iter:700] LR:9.952985820183192e-05 	    Time 1.2701    Loss_Yolo 5.0670e+01
[Iter:701] LR:9.952851417547665e-05 	    Time 1.5311    Loss_Yolo 1.1095e+02
[Iter:702] LR:9.95271682398343e-05 	    Time 1.2808    Loss_Yolo 6.6425e+01
[Iter:703] LR:9.952582039495678e-05 	    Time 1.4241    Loss_Yolo 7.7179e+01
[Iter:704] LR:9.952447064089602e-05 	    Time 1.5057    Loss_Yolo 8.1553e+01
[Iter:705] LR:9.952311897770407e-05 	    Time 1.3712    Loss_Yolo 1.0155e+02
[Iter:706] LR:9.952176540543307e-05 	    Time 1.1756    Loss_Yolo 4.4619e+01
[Iter:707] LR:9.952040992413516e-05 	    Time 1.3623    Loss_Yolo 9.0587e+01
[Iter:708] LR:9.951905253386262e-05 	    Time 1.4245    Loss_Yolo 8.5132e+01
[Iter:709] LR:9.951769323466778e-05 	    Time 1.1091    Loss_Yolo 3.4331e+01
[Iter:710] LR:9.951633202660303e-05 	    Time 1.8069    Loss_Yolo 9.7183e+01
[Iter:711] LR:9.951496890972087e-05 	    Time 1.8986    Loss_Yolo 7.8320e+01
[Iter:712] LR:9.951360388407386e-05 	    Time 1.6858    Loss_Yolo 5.9112e+01
[Iter:713] LR:9.95122369497146e-05 	    Time 1.7347    Loss_Yolo 5.4749e+01
[Iter:714] LR:9.95108681066958e-05 	    Time 2.2812    Loss_Yolo 5.8963e+01
[Iter:715] LR:9.950949735507023e-05 	    Time 2.8080    Loss_Yolo 8.6310e+01
[Iter:716] LR:9.950812469489075e-05 	    Time 1.7630    Loss_Yolo 8.1523e+01
[Iter:717] LR:9.950675012621024e-05 	    Time 2.0018    Loss_Yolo 7.6535e+01
[Iter:718] LR:9.950537364908177e-05 	    Time 1.9661    Loss_Yolo 9.3045e+01
[Iter:719] LR:9.950399526355833e-05 	    Time 1.9363    Loss_Yolo 6.6898e+01
[Iter:720] LR:9.95026149696931e-05 	    Time 1.5118    Loss_Yolo 5.4675e+01
[Iter:720]     Time 1.4743    Loss_Yolo 7.2420e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.2523e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 84.0598638197955 to 82.522876515108
Save model to ./models/Iter-00720-val_Loss_Yolo_82.5229.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00720-val_Loss_Yolo_82.5229.pth
[Iter:721] LR:9.95012327675393e-05 	    Time 1.4811    Loss_Yolo 7.9892e+01
[Iter:722] LR:9.94998486571502e-05 	    Time 1.1557    Loss_Yolo 4.0179e+01
[Iter:723] LR:9.949846263857915e-05 	    Time 1.3208    Loss_Yolo 9.0727e+01
[Iter:724] LR:9.949707471187964e-05 	    Time 1.2217    Loss_Yolo 5.7911e+01
[Iter:725] LR:9.949568487710511e-05 	    Time 1.2559    Loss_Yolo 6.5797e+01
[Iter:726] LR:9.949429313430919e-05 	    Time 1.4946    Loss_Yolo 8.4084e+01
[Iter:727] LR:9.949289948354554e-05 	    Time 1.3967    Loss_Yolo 7.3087e+01
[Iter:728] LR:9.949150392486783e-05 	    Time 1.3301    Loss_Yolo 8.6713e+01
[Iter:729] LR:9.949010645832992e-05 	    Time 1.3610    Loss_Yolo 9.0390e+01
[Iter:730] LR:9.948870708398568e-05 	    Time 1.1947    Loss_Yolo 5.0929e+01
[Iter:731] LR:9.948730580188904e-05 	    Time 1.3245    Loss_Yolo 6.8302e+01
[Iter:732] LR:9.948590261209405e-05 	    Time 1.2815    Loss_Yolo 5.7792e+01
[Iter:733] LR:9.948449751465478e-05 	    Time 1.2496    Loss_Yolo 5.9629e+01
[Iter:734] LR:9.948309050962541e-05 	    Time 1.2870    Loss_Yolo 6.6061e+01
[Iter:735] LR:9.948168159706018e-05 	    Time 1.2799    Loss_Yolo 7.3630e+01
[Iter:736] LR:9.948027077701344e-05 	    Time 1.3296    Loss_Yolo 8.4097e+01
[Iter:737] LR:9.947885804953953e-05 	    Time 1.3114    Loss_Yolo 6.6761e+01
[Iter:738] LR:9.947744341469297e-05 	    Time 1.5552    Loss_Yolo 1.1492e+02
[Iter:739] LR:9.947602687252826e-05 	    Time 1.3550    Loss_Yolo 8.0808e+01
[Iter:740] LR:9.947460842310002e-05 	    Time 1.3352    Loss_Yolo 8.0277e+01
[Iter:741] LR:9.947318806646293e-05 	    Time 1.2546    Loss_Yolo 6.0213e+01
[Iter:742] LR:9.947176580267176e-05 	    Time 1.3077    Loss_Yolo 7.4452e+01
[Iter:743] LR:9.947034163178134e-05 	    Time 1.3370    Loss_Yolo 8.4144e+01
[Iter:744] LR:9.946891555384658e-05 	    Time 1.3230    Loss_Yolo 8.1837e+01
[Iter:745] LR:9.946748756892247e-05 	    Time 1.2532    Loss_Yolo 7.2741e+01
[Iter:746] LR:9.946605767706402e-05 	    Time 1.2542    Loss_Yolo 5.8668e+01
[Iter:747] LR:9.946462587832641e-05 	    Time 1.2811    Loss_Yolo 6.9035e+01
[Iter:748] LR:9.946319217276482e-05 	    Time 1.3773    Loss_Yolo 8.6291e+01
[Iter:749] LR:9.946175656043451e-05 	    Time 1.2197    Loss_Yolo 5.9024e+01
[Iter:750] LR:9.946031904139084e-05 	    Time 1.2825    Loss_Yolo 6.8577e+01
[Iter:751] LR:9.945887961568924e-05 	    Time 1.3174    Loss_Yolo 7.2743e+01
[Iter:752] LR:9.945743828338516e-05 	    Time 1.2063    Loss_Yolo 5.0659e+01
[Iter:753] LR:9.945599504453423e-05 	    Time 1.2008    Loss_Yolo 4.4357e+01
[Iter:754] LR:9.945454989919206e-05 	    Time 1.1767    Loss_Yolo 4.1939e+01
[Iter:755] LR:9.945310284741437e-05 	    Time 1.2120    Loss_Yolo 4.5643e+01
[Iter:756] LR:9.945165388925694e-05 	    Time 1.2902    Loss_Yolo 5.8700e+01
[Iter:757] LR:9.945020302477564e-05 	    Time 1.4874    Loss_Yolo 9.9736e+01
[Iter:758] LR:9.94487502540264e-05 	    Time 1.2897    Loss_Yolo 7.7806e+01
[Iter:759] LR:9.944729557706522e-05 	    Time 1.1800    Loss_Yolo 5.1809e+01
[Iter:760] LR:9.944583899394822e-05 	    Time 1.4151    Loss_Yolo 9.9708e+01
[Iter:760]     Time 1.3047    Loss_Yolo 7.0752e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.1753e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 82.522876515108 to 81.75291757022633
Save model to ./models/Iter-00760-val_Loss_Yolo_81.7529.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00760-val_Loss_Yolo_81.7529.pth
[Iter:761] LR:9.944438050473152e-05 	    Time 1.3420    Loss_Yolo 7.1817e+01
[Iter:762] LR:9.944292010947135e-05 	    Time 1.5638    Loss_Yolo 1.1370e+02
[Iter:763] LR:9.944145780822403e-05 	    Time 1.3471    Loss_Yolo 8.5834e+01
[Iter:764] LR:9.943999360104593e-05 	    Time 1.3752    Loss_Yolo 8.3778e+01
[Iter:765] LR:9.943852748799349e-05 	    Time 1.4183    Loss_Yolo 8.3610e+01
[Iter:766] LR:9.943705946912326e-05 	    Time 1.2705    Loss_Yolo 7.4814e+01
[Iter:767] LR:9.94355895444918e-05 	    Time 1.3398    Loss_Yolo 7.0089e+01
[Iter:768] LR:9.94341177141558e-05 	    Time 1.2666    Loss_Yolo 7.2029e+01
[Iter:769] LR:9.943264397817201e-05 	    Time 1.1489    Loss_Yolo 4.3266e+01
[Iter:770] LR:9.943116833659724e-05 	    Time 1.3407    Loss_Yolo 6.3918e+01
[Iter:771] LR:9.942969078948838e-05 	    Time 1.2416    Loss_Yolo 5.6085e+01
[Iter:772] LR:9.94282113369024e-05 	    Time 1.2816    Loss_Yolo 7.0344e+01
[Iter:773] LR:9.942672997889632e-05 	    Time 1.2981    Loss_Yolo 7.4296e+01
[Iter:774] LR:9.942524671552727e-05 	    Time 1.3191    Loss_Yolo 8.0913e+01
[Iter:775] LR:9.942376154685242e-05 	    Time 1.2089    Loss_Yolo 4.5962e+01
[Iter:776] LR:9.942227447292904e-05 	    Time 1.2418    Loss_Yolo 6.8447e+01
[Iter:777] LR:9.942078549381446e-05 	    Time 1.2520    Loss_Yolo 6.8582e+01
[Iter:778] LR:9.941929460956609e-05 	    Time 1.2085    Loss_Yolo 5.4101e+01
[Iter:779] LR:9.941780182024137e-05 	    Time 1.3402    Loss_Yolo 7.9973e+01
[Iter:780] LR:9.94163071258979e-05 	    Time 1.2306    Loss_Yolo 6.0312e+01
[Iter:781] LR:9.941481052659329e-05 	    Time 1.2711    Loss_Yolo 5.5451e+01
[Iter:782] LR:9.941331202238523e-05 	    Time 1.5002    Loss_Yolo 1.3141e+02
[Iter:783] LR:9.94118116133315e-05 	    Time 1.1520    Loss_Yolo 4.1170e+01
[Iter:784] LR:9.941030929948995e-05 	    Time 1.2810    Loss_Yolo 7.6569e+01
[Iter:785] LR:9.940880508091848e-05 	    Time 1.2700    Loss_Yolo 6.2125e+01
[Iter:786] LR:9.94072989576751e-05 	    Time 1.3038    Loss_Yolo 5.9707e+01
[Iter:787] LR:9.940579092981786e-05 	    Time 1.4737    Loss_Yolo 1.1840e+02
[Iter:788] LR:9.940428099740492e-05 	    Time 1.2015    Loss_Yolo 4.7210e+01
[Iter:789] LR:9.940276916049447e-05 	    Time 1.2678    Loss_Yolo 6.5407e+01
[Iter:790] LR:9.940125541914482e-05 	    Time 1.3209    Loss_Yolo 7.7527e+01
[Iter:791] LR:9.939973977341431e-05 	    Time 1.2318    Loss_Yolo 5.2728e+01
[Iter:792] LR:9.939822222336139e-05 	    Time 1.3512    Loss_Yolo 7.3922e+01
[Iter:793] LR:9.939670276904455e-05 	    Time 1.2842    Loss_Yolo 6.3612e+01
[Iter:794] LR:9.939518141052237e-05 	    Time 1.4100    Loss_Yolo 9.3239e+01
[Iter:795] LR:9.939365814785352e-05 	    Time 1.2228    Loss_Yolo 6.0269e+01
[Iter:796] LR:9.939213298109672e-05 	    Time 1.3432    Loss_Yolo 8.3136e+01
[Iter:797] LR:9.939060591031074e-05 	    Time 1.3320    Loss_Yolo 8.5173e+01
[Iter:798] LR:9.938907693555449e-05 	    Time 1.3014    Loss_Yolo 6.7145e+01
[Iter:799] LR:9.938754605688693e-05 	    Time 1.1926    Loss_Yolo 4.6567e+01
[Iter:800] LR:9.938601327436703e-05 	    Time 1.6017    Loss_Yolo 7.6572e+01
[Iter:800]     Time 1.3087    Loss_Yolo 7.1480e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.1028e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 81.75291757022633 to 81.02766149184284
Save model to ./models/Iter-00800-val_Loss_Yolo_81.0277.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00800-val_Loss_Yolo_81.0277.pth
[Iter:801] LR:9.938447858805392e-05 	    Time 15.5096    Loss_Yolo 8.3315e+01
[Iter:802] LR:9.938294199800674e-05 	    Time 3.1792    Loss_Yolo 7.8761e+01
[Iter:803] LR:9.938140350428477e-05 	    Time 1.3560    Loss_Yolo 7.1829e+01
[Iter:804] LR:9.93798631069473e-05 	    Time 1.4467    Loss_Yolo 7.2238e+01
[Iter:805] LR:9.93783208060537e-05 	    Time 1.2981    Loss_Yolo 8.2448e+01
[Iter:806] LR:9.937677660166346e-05 	    Time 1.2328    Loss_Yolo 5.7967e+01
[Iter:807] LR:9.937523049383611e-05 	    Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 7.9569e+01
[Iter:808] LR:9.937368248263124e-05 	    Time 1.2689    Loss_Yolo 7.9850e+01
[Iter:809] LR:9.937213256810853e-05 	    Time 1.2340    Loss_Yolo 6.6666e+01
[Iter:810] LR:9.937058075032777e-05 	    Time 1.2002    Loss_Yolo 4.9974e+01
[Iter:811] LR:9.936902702934873e-05 	    Time 1.3716    Loss_Yolo 8.6533e+01
[Iter:812] LR:9.936747140523138e-05 	    Time 1.3251    Loss_Yolo 8.4667e+01
[Iter:813] LR:9.936591387803562e-05 	    Time 1.2596    Loss_Yolo 5.8260e+01
[Iter:814] LR:9.936435444782156e-05 	    Time 1.2134    Loss_Yolo 5.8290e+01
[Iter:815] LR:9.93627931146493e-05 	    Time 1.2472    Loss_Yolo 6.2750e+01
[Iter:816] LR:9.936122987857901e-05 	    Time 1.1963    Loss_Yolo 4.0872e+01
[Iter:817] LR:9.935966473967099e-05 	    Time 1.1945    Loss_Yolo 3.9891e+01
[Iter:818] LR:9.935809769798557e-05 	    Time 1.2748    Loss_Yolo 6.5921e+01
[Iter:819] LR:9.935652875358316e-05 	    Time 1.2916    Loss_Yolo 6.5725e+01
[Iter:820] LR:9.935495790652425e-05 	    Time 1.1947    Loss_Yolo 5.5726e+01
[Iter:821] LR:9.935338515686939e-05 	    Time 1.2860    Loss_Yolo 6.3935e+01
[Iter:822] LR:9.935181050467925e-05 	    Time 1.3454    Loss_Yolo 7.5967e+01
[Iter:823] LR:9.935023395001449e-05 	    Time 1.2837    Loss_Yolo 7.3484e+01
[Iter:824] LR:9.934865549293593e-05 	    Time 1.2245    Loss_Yolo 5.6904e+01
[Iter:825] LR:9.93470751335044e-05 	    Time 1.2886    Loss_Yolo 8.1402e+01
[Iter:826] LR:9.934549287178084e-05 	    Time 1.3669    Loss_Yolo 8.8457e+01
[Iter:827] LR:9.934390870782626e-05 	    Time 1.2534    Loss_Yolo 6.7313e+01
[Iter:828] LR:9.934232264170171e-05 	    Time 1.2308    Loss_Yolo 5.6616e+01
[Iter:829] LR:9.934073467346835e-05 	    Time 1.2633    Loss_Yolo 6.3393e+01
[Iter:830] LR:9.933914480318742e-05 	    Time 1.3247    Loss_Yolo 7.8563e+01
[Iter:831] LR:9.933755303092017e-05 	    Time 1.3873    Loss_Yolo 8.9001e+01
[Iter:832] LR:9.933595935672801e-05 	    Time 1.3651    Loss_Yolo 9.2857e+01
[Iter:833] LR:9.933436378067236e-05 	    Time 1.2388    Loss_Yolo 5.7832e+01
[Iter:834] LR:9.933276630281475e-05 	    Time 1.3956    Loss_Yolo 8.2313e+01
[Iter:835] LR:9.933116692321676e-05 	    Time 1.2700    Loss_Yolo 6.2683e+01
[Iter:836] LR:9.932956564194002e-05 	    Time 1.3236    Loss_Yolo 7.7476e+01
[Iter:837] LR:9.932796245904633e-05 	    Time 1.1868    Loss_Yolo 5.5667e+01
[Iter:838] LR:9.932635737459745e-05 	    Time 1.2667    Loss_Yolo 6.4284e+01
[Iter:839] LR:9.932475038865527e-05 	    Time 1.1985    Loss_Yolo 5.8652e+01
[Iter:840] LR:9.932314150128173e-05 	    Time 1.3270    Loss_Yolo 7.0481e+01
[Iter:840]     Time 1.6846    Loss_Yolo 6.8963e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.0199e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 81.02766149184284 to 80.19934441061581
Save model to ./models/Iter-00840-val_Loss_Yolo_80.1993.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00840-val_Loss_Yolo_80.1993.pth
[Iter:841] LR:9.932153071253889e-05 	    Time 1.1683    Loss_Yolo 3.3501e+01
[Iter:842] LR:9.931991802248884e-05 	    Time 1.2418    Loss_Yolo 6.2543e+01
[Iter:843] LR:9.931830343119375e-05 	    Time 1.3523    Loss_Yolo 7.6994e+01
[Iter:844] LR:9.931668693871585e-05 	    Time 1.2686    Loss_Yolo 7.4391e+01
[Iter:845] LR:9.931506854511748e-05 	    Time 1.2339    Loss_Yolo 5.0581e+01
[Iter:846] LR:9.931344825046104e-05 	    Time 1.3749    Loss_Yolo 7.2723e+01
[Iter:847] LR:9.9311826054809e-05 	    Time 1.3090    Loss_Yolo 8.4891e+01
[Iter:848] LR:9.931020195822388e-05 	    Time 1.4119    Loss_Yolo 1.0766e+02
[Iter:849] LR:9.930857596076831e-05 	    Time 1.2748    Loss_Yolo 5.3669e+01
[Iter:850] LR:9.930694806250495e-05 	    Time 1.2654    Loss_Yolo 6.2608e+01
[Iter:851] LR:9.93053182634966e-05 	    Time 1.3229    Loss_Yolo 8.5825e+01
[Iter:852] LR:9.930368656380609e-05 	    Time 1.2525    Loss_Yolo 6.3921e+01
[Iter:853] LR:9.930205296349629e-05 	    Time 1.3372    Loss_Yolo 7.2757e+01
[Iter:854] LR:9.930041746263021e-05 	    Time 1.3330    Loss_Yolo 7.1745e+01
[Iter:855] LR:9.929878006127089e-05 	    Time 1.2817    Loss_Yolo 5.8576e+01
[Iter:856] LR:9.929714075948147e-05 	    Time 1.2681    Loss_Yolo 6.9490e+01
[Iter:857] LR:9.929549955732514e-05 	    Time 1.2083    Loss_Yolo 5.1830e+01
[Iter:858] LR:9.92938564548652e-05 	    Time 1.2306    Loss_Yolo 6.2145e+01
[Iter:859] LR:9.929221145216495e-05 	    Time 1.3257    Loss_Yolo 6.9716e+01
[Iter:860] LR:9.929056454928784e-05 	    Time 1.2380    Loss_Yolo 5.2757e+01
[Iter:861] LR:9.928891574629737e-05 	    Time 1.3074    Loss_Yolo 6.9565e+01
[Iter:862] LR:9.928726504325708e-05 	    Time 1.2535    Loss_Yolo 5.6192e+01
[Iter:863] LR:9.928561244023065e-05 	    Time 1.3323    Loss_Yolo 8.9762e+01
[Iter:864] LR:9.928395793728174e-05 	    Time 1.3071    Loss_Yolo 6.6049e+01
[Iter:865] LR:9.928230153447416e-05 	    Time 1.3068    Loss_Yolo 8.1636e+01
[Iter:866] LR:9.928064323187178e-05 	    Time 1.1765    Loss_Yolo 3.6006e+01
[Iter:867] LR:9.927898302953853e-05 	    Time 1.3509    Loss_Yolo 7.6698e+01
[Iter:868] LR:9.927732092753843e-05 	    Time 1.3510    Loss_Yolo 6.3273e+01
[Iter:869] LR:9.927565692593551e-05 	    Time 1.3114    Loss_Yolo 7.1774e+01
[Iter:870] LR:9.927399102479398e-05 	    Time 1.2147    Loss_Yolo 4.0982e+01
[Iter:871] LR:9.927232322417802e-05 	    Time 1.5152    Loss_Yolo 1.2321e+02
[Iter:872] LR:9.927065352415195e-05 	    Time 1.3462    Loss_Yolo 8.4448e+01
[Iter:873] LR:9.926898192478015e-05 	    Time 1.3875    Loss_Yolo 5.7083e+01
[Iter:874] LR:9.926730842612706e-05 	    Time 1.6170    Loss_Yolo 9.8065e+01
[Iter:875] LR:9.926563302825718e-05 	    Time 1.1784    Loss_Yolo 3.7980e+01
[Iter:876] LR:9.926395573123512e-05 	    Time 1.3108    Loss_Yolo 6.8411e+01
[Iter:877] LR:9.926227653512554e-05 	    Time 1.7130    Loss_Yolo 1.2780e+02
[Iter:878] LR:9.926059543999319e-05 	    Time 1.2281    Loss_Yolo 4.8574e+01
[Iter:879] LR:9.925891244590287e-05 	    Time 1.2924    Loss_Yolo 6.7667e+01
[Iter:880] LR:9.925722755291946e-05 	    Time 1.2231    Loss_Yolo 4.6669e+01
[Iter:880]     Time 1.3106    Loss_Yolo 6.8754e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 8.0930e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-00880-val_Loss_Yolo_80.9305.pth
[Iter:881] LR:9.925554076110793e-05 	    Time 1.6105    Loss_Yolo 8.3169e+01
[Iter:882] LR:9.92538520705333e-05 	    Time 1.3062    Loss_Yolo 4.3376e+01
[Iter:883] LR:9.925216148126067e-05 	    Time 1.4531    Loss_Yolo 6.5303e+01
[Iter:884] LR:9.925046899335525e-05 	    Time 1.3313    Loss_Yolo 5.4169e+01
[Iter:885] LR:9.924877460688225e-05 	    Time 1.2206    Loss_Yolo 5.3320e+01
[Iter:886] LR:9.924707832190702e-05 	    Time 1.2529    Loss_Yolo 5.8296e+01
[Iter:887] LR:9.924538013849494e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 6.1493e+01
[Iter:888] LR:9.92436800567115e-05 	    Time 1.3505    Loss_Yolo 7.2546e+01
[Iter:889] LR:9.924197807662222e-05 	    Time 1.4610    Loss_Yolo 8.6555e+01
[Iter:890] LR:9.924027419829274e-05 	    Time 1.5022    Loss_Yolo 7.5579e+01
[Iter:891] LR:9.923856842178875e-05 	    Time 1.2698    Loss_Yolo 5.4358e+01
[Iter:892] LR:9.923686074717598e-05 	    Time 1.2836    Loss_Yolo 6.6411e+01
[Iter:893] LR:9.92351511745203e-05 	    Time 1.3213    Loss_Yolo 5.8413e+01
[Iter:894] LR:9.92334397038876e-05 	    Time 1.2848    Loss_Yolo 6.0389e+01
[Iter:895] LR:9.923172633534387e-05 	    Time 1.3373    Loss_Yolo 6.0812e+01
[Iter:896] LR:9.923001106895517e-05 	    Time 1.2651    Loss_Yolo 5.9428e+01
[Iter:897] LR:9.922829390478763e-05 	    Time 1.1893    Loss_Yolo 5.6418e+01
[Iter:898] LR:9.922657484290745e-05 	    Time 1.1777    Loss_Yolo 5.3554e+01
[Iter:899] LR:9.922485388338088e-05 	    Time 1.1993    Loss_Yolo 5.4020e+01
[Iter:900] LR:9.92231310262743e-05 	    Time 1.3269    Loss_Yolo 7.9698e+01
[Iter:901] LR:9.922140627165414e-05 	    Time 1.2830    Loss_Yolo 7.5490e+01
[Iter:902] LR:9.921967961958686e-05 	    Time 1.2688    Loss_Yolo 7.7089e+01
[Iter:903] LR:9.921795107013905e-05 	    Time 1.2796    Loss_Yolo 7.6176e+01
[Iter:904] LR:9.921622062337735e-05 	    Time 1.1988    Loss_Yolo 5.5393e+01
[Iter:905] LR:9.921448827936846e-05 	    Time 1.3717    Loss_Yolo 9.8029e+01
[Iter:906] LR:9.921275403817918e-05 	    Time 1.2961    Loss_Yolo 7.5172e+01
[Iter:907] LR:9.921101789987637e-05 	    Time 1.2369    Loss_Yolo 6.8639e+01
[Iter:908] LR:9.920927986452697e-05 	    Time 1.2427    Loss_Yolo 5.9973e+01
[Iter:909] LR:9.920753993219795e-05 	    Time 1.2704    Loss_Yolo 6.8861e+01
[Iter:910] LR:9.920579810295645e-05 	    Time 1.2005    Loss_Yolo 4.7475e+01
[Iter:911] LR:9.920405437686958e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 6.9027e+01
[Iter:912] LR:9.920230875400457e-05 	    Time 1.2064    Loss_Yolo 5.3325e+01
[Iter:913] LR:9.920056123442874e-05 	    Time 1.2480    Loss_Yolo 7.6738e+01
[Iter:914] LR:9.919881181820943e-05 	    Time 1.4574    Loss_Yolo 9.9772e+01
[Iter:915] LR:9.919706050541412e-05 	    Time 1.3206    Loss_Yolo 7.6190e+01
[Iter:916] LR:9.919530729611031e-05 	    Time 1.2028    Loss_Yolo 6.0729e+01
[Iter:917] LR:9.919355219036559e-05 	    Time 1.3172    Loss_Yolo 7.8140e+01
[Iter:918] LR:9.919179518824763e-05 	    Time 1.3543    Loss_Yolo 8.4019e+01
[Iter:919] LR:9.919003628982418e-05 	    Time 1.3437    Loss_Yolo 1.0696e+02
[Iter:920] LR:9.918827549516302e-05 	    Time 1.1673    Loss_Yolo 4.2116e+01
[Iter:920]     Time 1.2994    Loss_Yolo 6.7665e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.8992e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 80.19934441061581 to 78.99176653693704
Save model to ./models/Iter-00920-val_Loss_Yolo_78.9918.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00920-val_Loss_Yolo_78.9918.pth
[Iter:921] LR:9.918651280433206e-05 	    Time 1.4315    Loss_Yolo 1.0005e+02
[Iter:922] LR:9.918474821739924e-05 	    Time 1.2882    Loss_Yolo 8.4360e+01
[Iter:923] LR:9.91829817344326e-05 	    Time 1.2545    Loss_Yolo 6.5795e+01
[Iter:924] LR:9.918121335550026e-05 	    Time 1.3343    Loss_Yolo 8.1909e+01
[Iter:925] LR:9.917944308067037e-05 	    Time 1.2352    Loss_Yolo 7.0931e+01
[Iter:926] LR:9.917767091001118e-05 	    Time 1.1986    Loss_Yolo 5.5847e+01
[Iter:927] LR:9.917589684359105e-05 	    Time 1.2388    Loss_Yolo 5.8007e+01
[Iter:928] LR:9.917412088147834e-05 	    Time 1.2056    Loss_Yolo 5.3362e+01
[Iter:929] LR:9.917234302374151e-05 	    Time 1.3510    Loss_Yolo 1.0143e+02
[Iter:930] LR:9.917056327044912e-05 	    Time 1.1861    Loss_Yolo 5.3283e+01
[Iter:931] LR:9.91687816216698e-05 	    Time 1.2498    Loss_Yolo 6.2984e+01
[Iter:932] LR:9.916699807747222e-05 	    Time 1.1878    Loss_Yolo 5.0777e+01
[Iter:933] LR:9.916521263792513e-05 	    Time 1.2397    Loss_Yolo 5.5300e+01
[Iter:934] LR:9.91634253030974e-05 	    Time 1.3706    Loss_Yolo 9.7604e+01
[Iter:935] LR:9.916163607305791e-05 	    Time 1.1648    Loss_Yolo 5.0965e+01
[Iter:936] LR:9.915984494787564e-05 	    Time 1.2944    Loss_Yolo 7.9897e+01
[Iter:937] LR:9.915805192761964e-05 	    Time 1.2164    Loss_Yolo 6.0944e+01
[Iter:938] LR:9.915625701235906e-05 	    Time 1.2381    Loss_Yolo 6.5458e+01
[Iter:939] LR:9.915446020216307e-05 	    Time 1.2891    Loss_Yolo 7.5310e+01
[Iter:940] LR:9.915266149710097e-05 	    Time 1.5901    Loss_Yolo 1.5802e+02
[Iter:941] LR:9.91508608972421e-05 	    Time 1.2919    Loss_Yolo 7.7187e+01
[Iter:942] LR:9.914905840265588e-05 	    Time 1.3167    Loss_Yolo 7.3518e+01
[Iter:943] LR:9.914725401341178e-05 	    Time 1.2275    Loss_Yolo 4.9570e+01
[Iter:944] LR:9.914544772957938e-05 	    Time 1.2579    Loss_Yolo 6.3596e+01
[Iter:945] LR:9.91436395512283e-05 	    Time 1.3098    Loss_Yolo 7.0953e+01
[Iter:946] LR:9.914182947842828e-05 	    Time 1.1998    Loss_Yolo 5.0616e+01
[Iter:947] LR:9.914001751124911e-05 	    Time 1.1818    Loss_Yolo 5.7181e+01
[Iter:948] LR:9.913820364976061e-05 	    Time 1.2663    Loss_Yolo 6.5493e+01
[Iter:949] LR:9.913638789403274e-05 	    Time 1.1841    Loss_Yolo 4.9880e+01
[Iter:950] LR:9.91345702441355e-05 	    Time 1.3130    Loss_Yolo 8.2406e+01
[Iter:951] LR:9.913275070013895e-05 	    Time 1.2580    Loss_Yolo 5.5349e+01
[Iter:952] LR:9.913092926211323e-05 	    Time 1.2101    Loss_Yolo 5.5298e+01
[Iter:953] LR:9.91291059301286e-05 	    Time 1.3407    Loss_Yolo 8.6672e+01
[Iter:954] LR:9.912728070425533e-05 	    Time 1.3010    Loss_Yolo 7.0967e+01
[Iter:955] LR:9.91254535845638e-05 	    Time 1.3538    Loss_Yolo 8.7866e+01
[Iter:956] LR:9.912362457112443e-05 	    Time 1.1609    Loss_Yolo 3.8341e+01
[Iter:957] LR:9.912179366400775e-05 	    Time 1.2067    Loss_Yolo 5.4314e+01
[Iter:958] LR:9.911996086328436e-05 	    Time 1.2403    Loss_Yolo 5.9980e+01
[Iter:959] LR:9.91181261690249e-05 	    Time 1.2757    Loss_Yolo 6.3468e+01
[Iter:960] LR:9.911628958130012e-05 	    Time 1.2007    Loss_Yolo 5.0101e+01
[Iter:960]     Time 1.2665    Loss_Yolo 6.8625e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.7633e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 78.99176653693704 to 77.63306067971622
Save model to ./models/Iter-00960-val_Loss_Yolo_77.6331.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-00960-val_Loss_Yolo_77.6331.pth
[Iter:961] LR:9.91144511001808e-05 	    Time 21.2030    Loss_Yolo 9.0531e+01
[Iter:962] LR:9.911261072573784e-05 	    Time 3.6261    Loss_Yolo 5.5128e+01
[Iter:963] LR:9.911076845804217e-05 	    Time 2.6473    Loss_Yolo 6.9930e+01
[Iter:964] LR:9.910892429716486e-05 	    Time 1.5407    Loss_Yolo 7.9494e+01
[Iter:965] LR:9.910707824317696e-05 	    Time 1.3966    Loss_Yolo 6.4347e+01
[Iter:966] LR:9.910523029614968e-05 	    Time 1.4304    Loss_Yolo 7.1927e+01
[Iter:967] LR:9.910338045615424e-05 	    Time 1.2808    Loss_Yolo 4.5145e+01
[Iter:968] LR:9.910152872326195e-05 	    Time 1.3098    Loss_Yolo 6.7505e+01
[Iter:969] LR:9.909967509754423e-05 	    Time 1.1257    Loss_Yolo 2.9656e+01
[Iter:970] LR:9.909781957907251e-05 	    Time 1.2615    Loss_Yolo 4.3653e+01
[Iter:971] LR:9.909596216791836e-05 	    Time 1.4189    Loss_Yolo 7.0626e+01
[Iter:972] LR:9.909410286415336e-05 	    Time 1.3922    Loss_Yolo 7.3679e+01
[Iter:973] LR:9.909224166784922e-05 	    Time 1.2707    Loss_Yolo 4.9952e+01
[Iter:974] LR:9.909037857907765e-05 	    Time 1.5907    Loss_Yolo 9.9464e+01
[Iter:975] LR:9.908851359791052e-05 	    Time 1.4268    Loss_Yolo 7.7259e+01
[Iter:976] LR:9.908664672441971e-05 	    Time 1.1777    Loss_Yolo 3.4121e+01
[Iter:977] LR:9.908477795867722e-05 	    Time 1.3336    Loss_Yolo 7.4842e+01
[Iter:978] LR:9.908290730075506e-05 	    Time 1.3182    Loss_Yolo 4.8491e+01
[Iter:979] LR:9.908103475072538e-05 	    Time 1.4161    Loss_Yolo 7.2892e+01
[Iter:980] LR:9.907916030866035e-05 	    Time 1.3904    Loss_Yolo 9.3961e+01
[Iter:981] LR:9.907728397463225e-05 	    Time 1.2961    Loss_Yolo 6.1754e+01
[Iter:982] LR:9.90754057487134e-05 	    Time 1.1430    Loss_Yolo 3.9912e+01
[Iter:983] LR:9.907352563097625e-05 	    Time 1.1578    Loss_Yolo 3.8315e+01
[Iter:984] LR:9.907164362149325e-05 	    Time 1.3544    Loss_Yolo 8.7906e+01
[Iter:985] LR:9.906975972033697e-05 	    Time 1.1780    Loss_Yolo 4.2288e+01
[Iter:986] LR:9.906787392758002e-05 	    Time 1.2740    Loss_Yolo 6.1300e+01
[Iter:987] LR:9.906598624329515e-05 	    Time 1.2660    Loss_Yolo 5.2406e+01
[Iter:988] LR:9.906409666755509e-05 	    Time 1.3755    Loss_Yolo 9.8192e+01
[Iter:989] LR:9.90622052004327e-05 	    Time 1.2462    Loss_Yolo 5.3737e+01
[Iter:990] LR:9.906031184200093e-05 	    Time 1.3466    Loss_Yolo 7.6142e+01
[Iter:991] LR:9.905841659233275e-05 	    Time 1.2213    Loss_Yolo 4.6085e+01
[Iter:992] LR:9.905651945150122e-05 	    Time 1.2156    Loss_Yolo 5.4739e+01
[Iter:993] LR:9.905462041957948e-05 	    Time 1.2733    Loss_Yolo 6.2492e+01
[Iter:994] LR:9.905271949664079e-05 	    Time 1.3534    Loss_Yolo 8.7015e+01
[Iter:995] LR:9.905081668275836e-05 	    Time 1.2822    Loss_Yolo 7.2501e+01
[Iter:996] LR:9.904891197800564e-05 	    Time 1.3982    Loss_Yolo 8.2877e+01
[Iter:997] LR:9.904700538245598e-05 	    Time 1.3631    Loss_Yolo 7.5636e+01
[Iter:998] LR:9.904509689618293e-05 	    Time 1.3079    Loss_Yolo 8.0549e+01
[Iter:999] LR:9.904318651926006e-05 	    Time 1.3052    Loss_Yolo 7.5614e+01
[Iter:1000] LR:9.9041274251761e-05 	    Time 1.4368    Loss_Yolo 1.0053e+02
[Iter:1000]     Time 1.9088    Loss_Yolo 6.6565e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.7652e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01000-val_Loss_Yolo_77.6521.pth
[Iter:1001] LR:9.903936009375951e-05 	    Time 1.4782    Loss_Yolo 1.1234e+02
[Iter:1002] LR:9.903744404532938e-05 	    Time 1.3682    Loss_Yolo 8.0647e+01
[Iter:1003] LR:9.903552610654444e-05 	    Time 1.3710    Loss_Yolo 9.1133e+01
[Iter:1004] LR:9.903360627747867e-05 	    Time 1.3388    Loss_Yolo 7.5057e+01
[Iter:1005] LR:9.903168455820608e-05 	    Time 1.3207    Loss_Yolo 7.1954e+01
[Iter:1006] LR:9.902976094880076e-05 	    Time 1.3911    Loss_Yolo 6.3542e+01
[Iter:1007] LR:9.902783544933687e-05 	    Time 1.1751    Loss_Yolo 4.6313e+01
[Iter:1008] LR:9.902590805988864e-05 	    Time 1.2238    Loss_Yolo 5.5504e+01
[Iter:1009] LR:9.902397878053036e-05 	    Time 1.2410    Loss_Yolo 5.1595e+01
[Iter:1010] LR:9.902204761133644e-05 	    Time 1.3117    Loss_Yolo 6.1092e+01
[Iter:1011] LR:9.902011455238132e-05 	    Time 1.4012    Loss_Yolo 7.8684e+01
[Iter:1012] LR:9.901817960373952e-05 	    Time 1.2255    Loss_Yolo 4.8519e+01
[Iter:1013] LR:9.901624276548564e-05 	    Time 1.2734    Loss_Yolo 5.8606e+01
[Iter:1014] LR:9.901430403769436e-05 	    Time 1.3139    Loss_Yolo 8.0981e+01
[Iter:1015] LR:9.901236342044042e-05 	    Time 1.3180    Loss_Yolo 8.1142e+01
[Iter:1016] LR:9.901042091379865e-05 	    Time 1.2446    Loss_Yolo 5.2894e+01
[Iter:1017] LR:9.90084765178439e-05 	    Time 1.3943    Loss_Yolo 9.5120e+01
[Iter:1018] LR:9.900653023265117e-05 	    Time 1.3624    Loss_Yolo 8.6301e+01
[Iter:1019] LR:9.900458205829549e-05 	    Time 1.1648    Loss_Yolo 3.4435e+01
[Iter:1020] LR:9.900263199485194e-05 	    Time 1.4097    Loss_Yolo 9.8168e+01
[Iter:1021] LR:9.900068004239573e-05 	    Time 1.3527    Loss_Yolo 8.3954e+01
[Iter:1022] LR:9.899872620100211e-05 	    Time 1.3082    Loss_Yolo 6.7942e+01
[Iter:1023] LR:9.899677047074642e-05 	    Time 1.2396    Loss_Yolo 5.7192e+01
[Iter:1024] LR:9.899481285170405e-05 	    Time 1.2275    Loss_Yolo 4.8334e+01
[Iter:1025] LR:9.899285334395042e-05 	    Time 1.2319    Loss_Yolo 5.2961e+01
[Iter:1026] LR:9.899089194756115e-05 	    Time 1.2094    Loss_Yolo 5.0659e+01
[Iter:1027] LR:9.898892866261182e-05 	    Time 1.1853    Loss_Yolo 4.3903e+01
[Iter:1028] LR:9.898696348917813e-05 	    Time 1.1851    Loss_Yolo 3.7210e+01
[Iter:1029] LR:9.898499642733586e-05 	    Time 1.2283    Loss_Yolo 4.7829e+01
[Iter:1030] LR:9.89830274771608e-05 	    Time 1.2708    Loss_Yolo 6.6528e+01
[Iter:1031] LR:9.898105663872891e-05 	    Time 1.4189    Loss_Yolo 7.4626e+01
[Iter:1032] LR:9.897908391211615e-05 	    Time 1.2919    Loss_Yolo 6.9920e+01
[Iter:1033] LR:9.897710929739856e-05 	    Time 1.2406    Loss_Yolo 4.4699e+01
[Iter:1034] LR:9.89751327946523e-05 	    Time 1.3087    Loss_Yolo 6.0765e+01
[Iter:1035] LR:9.897315440395355e-05 	    Time 1.2532    Loss_Yolo 6.8398e+01
[Iter:1036] LR:9.897117412537857e-05 	    Time 1.2793    Loss_Yolo 5.9182e+01
[Iter:1037] LR:9.896919195900374e-05 	    Time 1.2902    Loss_Yolo 7.1593e+01
[Iter:1038] LR:9.896720790490545e-05 	    Time 1.3300    Loss_Yolo 5.7714e+01
[Iter:1039] LR:9.896522196316021e-05 	    Time 1.2717    Loss_Yolo 4.9468e+01
[Iter:1040] LR:9.896323413384458e-05 	    Time 1.3512    Loss_Yolo 8.3304e+01
[Iter:1040]     Time 1.2951    Loss_Yolo 6.5505e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.7213e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 77.63306067971622 to 77.21345879049862
Save model to ./models/Iter-01040-val_Loss_Yolo_77.2135.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01040-val_Loss_Yolo_77.2135.pth
[Iter:1041] LR:9.896124441703518e-05 	    Time 1.3327    Loss_Yolo 6.3323e+01
[Iter:1042] LR:9.895925281280875e-05 	    Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 5.2706e+01
[Iter:1043] LR:9.895725932124205e-05 	    Time 1.2496    Loss_Yolo 6.1972e+01
[Iter:1044] LR:9.895526394241194e-05 	    Time 1.3035    Loss_Yolo 7.2775e+01
[Iter:1045] LR:9.895326667639535e-05 	    Time 1.3468    Loss_Yolo 8.0946e+01
[Iter:1046] LR:9.895126752326928e-05 	    Time 1.2835    Loss_Yolo 6.8288e+01
[Iter:1047] LR:9.894926648311081e-05 	    Time 2.2936    Loss_Yolo 6.4276e+01
[Iter:1048] LR:9.894726355599708e-05 	    Time 2.9712    Loss_Yolo 8.5475e+01
[Iter:1049] LR:9.89452587420053e-05 	    Time 2.4508    Loss_Yolo 7.2931e+01
[Iter:1050] LR:9.894325204121277e-05 	    Time 3.3704    Loss_Yolo 6.8384e+01
[Iter:1051] LR:9.894124345369687e-05 	    Time 2.9514    Loss_Yolo 7.4210e+01
[Iter:1052] LR:9.893923297953502e-05 	    Time 2.2402    Loss_Yolo 8.3834e+01
[Iter:1053] LR:9.893722061880474e-05 	    Time 1.8108    Loss_Yolo 8.3846e+01
[Iter:1054] LR:9.89352063715836e-05 	    Time 1.5081    Loss_Yolo 5.5075e+01
[Iter:1055] LR:9.893319023794926e-05 	    Time 1.5370    Loss_Yolo 6.1385e+01
[Iter:1056] LR:9.893117221797945e-05 	    Time 1.3811    Loss_Yolo 5.4510e+01
[Iter:1057] LR:9.892915231175198e-05 	    Time 1.3825    Loss_Yolo 5.8361e+01
[Iter:1058] LR:9.892713051934472e-05 	    Time 1.2472    Loss_Yolo 5.1048e+01
[Iter:1059] LR:9.892510684083558e-05 	    Time 1.1955    Loss_Yolo 5.0713e+01
[Iter:1060] LR:9.892308127630265e-05 	    Time 1.2965    Loss_Yolo 7.1312e+01
[Iter:1061] LR:9.892105382582396e-05 	    Time 1.2218    Loss_Yolo 5.2692e+01
[Iter:1062] LR:9.89190244894777e-05 	    Time 1.2213    Loss_Yolo 4.9459e+01
[Iter:1063] LR:9.891699326734213e-05 	    Time 1.3674    Loss_Yolo 6.8947e+01
[Iter:1064] LR:9.89149601594955e-05 	    Time 1.3477    Loss_Yolo 6.5380e+01
[Iter:1065] LR:9.891292516601624e-05 	    Time 1.4047    Loss_Yolo 8.1649e+01
[Iter:1066] LR:9.891088828698279e-05 	    Time 1.3177    Loss_Yolo 7.5280e+01
[Iter:1067] LR:9.89088495224737e-05 	    Time 1.2571    Loss_Yolo 5.7322e+01
[Iter:1068] LR:9.890680887256752e-05 	    Time 1.2247    Loss_Yolo 4.4921e+01
[Iter:1069] LR:9.890476633734298e-05 	    Time 1.3221    Loss_Yolo 7.9697e+01
[Iter:1070] LR:9.890272191687878e-05 	    Time 1.3331    Loss_Yolo 8.4504e+01
[Iter:1071] LR:9.890067561125377e-05 	    Time 1.2772    Loss_Yolo 6.4552e+01
[Iter:1072] LR:9.889862742054685e-05 	    Time 1.2228    Loss_Yolo 5.5514e+01
[Iter:1073] LR:9.889657734483695e-05 	    Time 1.3115    Loss_Yolo 6.8611e+01
[Iter:1074] LR:9.889452538420312e-05 	    Time 1.3047    Loss_Yolo 7.8057e+01
[Iter:1075] LR:9.889247153872448e-05 	    Time 1.2548    Loss_Yolo 7.0158e+01
[Iter:1076] LR:9.889041580848019e-05 	    Time 1.3569    Loss_Yolo 6.9588e+01
[Iter:1077] LR:9.888835819354952e-05 	    Time 1.3097    Loss_Yolo 6.5020e+01
[Iter:1078] LR:9.888629869401181e-05 	    Time 1.2815    Loss_Yolo 6.7808e+01
[Iter:1079] LR:9.888423730994644e-05 	    Time 1.2232    Loss_Yolo 5.3296e+01
[Iter:1080] LR:9.88821740414329e-05 	    Time 1.2275    Loss_Yolo 4.8419e+01
[Iter:1080]     Time 1.5301    Loss_Yolo 6.5906e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.5690e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 77.21345879049862 to 75.69011104808135
Save model to ./models/Iter-01080-val_Loss_Yolo_75.6901.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01080-val_Loss_Yolo_75.6901.pth
[Iter:1081] LR:9.888010888855073e-05 	    Time 1.3664    Loss_Yolo 8.4032e+01
[Iter:1082] LR:9.887804185137951e-05 	    Time 1.3492    Loss_Yolo 7.4915e+01
[Iter:1083] LR:9.8875972929999e-05 	    Time 1.2732    Loss_Yolo 6.7378e+01
[Iter:1084] LR:9.88739021244889e-05 	    Time 1.2624    Loss_Yolo 6.7320e+01
[Iter:1085] LR:9.887182943492909e-05 	    Time 1.2618    Loss_Yolo 7.5049e+01
[Iter:1086] LR:9.886975486139945e-05 	    Time 1.3484    Loss_Yolo 8.7130e+01
[Iter:1087] LR:9.886767840397999e-05 	    Time 1.3046    Loss_Yolo 7.9602e+01
[Iter:1088] LR:9.886560006275075e-05 	    Time 1.2322    Loss_Yolo 5.8352e+01
[Iter:1089] LR:9.886351983779184e-05 	    Time 1.1637    Loss_Yolo 4.2785e+01
[Iter:1090] LR:9.886143772918348e-05 	    Time 1.1011    Loss_Yolo 3.2717e+01
[Iter:1091] LR:9.885935373700592e-05 	    Time 1.2736    Loss_Yolo 6.3592e+01
[Iter:1092] LR:9.885726786133953e-05 	    Time 1.3607    Loss_Yolo 8.9361e+01
[Iter:1093] LR:9.885518010226473e-05 	    Time 1.2707    Loss_Yolo 7.0755e+01
[Iter:1094] LR:9.885309045986198e-05 	    Time 1.2514    Loss_Yolo 6.5395e+01
[Iter:1095] LR:9.885099893421187e-05 	    Time 1.1620    Loss_Yolo 4.2093e+01
[Iter:1096] LR:9.884890552539502e-05 	    Time 1.2973    Loss_Yolo 7.5275e+01
[Iter:1097] LR:9.884681023349214e-05 	    Time 1.1391    Loss_Yolo 3.9809e+01
[Iter:1098] LR:9.884471305858401e-05 	    Time 1.2856    Loss_Yolo 6.7140e+01
[Iter:1099] LR:9.884261400075149e-05 	    Time 1.3658    Loss_Yolo 9.0980e+01
[Iter:1100] LR:9.88405130600755e-05 	    Time 1.2120    Loss_Yolo 5.2137e+01
[Iter:1101] LR:9.883841023663702e-05 	    Time 1.2374    Loss_Yolo 5.9782e+01
[Iter:1102] LR:9.883630553051715e-05 	    Time 1.3492    Loss_Yolo 8.2125e+01
[Iter:1103] LR:9.883419894179702e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 6.3199e+01
[Iter:1104] LR:9.883209047055785e-05 	    Time 1.1879    Loss_Yolo 4.5619e+01
[Iter:1105] LR:9.882998011688091e-05 	    Time 1.2308    Loss_Yolo 6.0357e+01
[Iter:1106] LR:9.88278678808476e-05 	    Time 1.2645    Loss_Yolo 5.7970e+01
[Iter:1107] LR:9.88257537625393e-05 	    Time 1.3364    Loss_Yolo 9.1857e+01
[Iter:1108] LR:9.882363776203756e-05 	    Time 1.2644    Loss_Yolo 5.7853e+01
[Iter:1109] LR:9.882151987942394e-05 	    Time 1.3241    Loss_Yolo 6.9694e+01
[Iter:1110] LR:9.881940011478008e-05 	    Time 1.2000    Loss_Yolo 5.5977e+01
[Iter:1111] LR:9.881727846818774e-05 	    Time 1.1836    Loss_Yolo 4.8469e+01
[Iter:1112] LR:9.881515493972869e-05 	    Time 1.2329    Loss_Yolo 6.3505e+01
[Iter:1113] LR:9.881302952948479e-05 	    Time 1.1922    Loss_Yolo 4.9645e+01
[Iter:1114] LR:9.8810902237538e-05 	    Time 1.2050    Loss_Yolo 4.5731e+01
[Iter:1115] LR:9.880877306397033e-05 	    Time 1.2947    Loss_Yolo 7.8454e+01
[Iter:1116] LR:9.880664200886387e-05 	    Time 1.2002    Loss_Yolo 5.2307e+01
[Iter:1117] LR:9.880450907230075e-05 	    Time 1.1900    Loss_Yolo 4.8216e+01
[Iter:1118] LR:9.880237425436327e-05 	    Time 1.2057    Loss_Yolo 5.6941e+01
[Iter:1119] LR:9.880023755513363e-05 	    Time 1.2461    Loss_Yolo 6.7812e+01
[Iter:1120] LR:9.87980989746943e-05 	    Time 1.2026    Loss_Yolo 4.5701e+01
[Iter:1120]     Time 1.2525    Loss_Yolo 6.3176e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.4950e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 75.69011104808135 to 74.95023615220013
Save model to ./models/Iter-01120-val_Loss_Yolo_74.9502.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01120-val_Loss_Yolo_74.9502.pth
[Iter:1121] LR:9.879595851312768e-05 	    Time 8.3244    Loss_Yolo 9.1446e+01
[Iter:1122] LR:9.879381617051632e-05 	    Time 4.6412    Loss_Yolo 7.6228e+01
[Iter:1123] LR:9.879167194694277e-05 	    Time 2.4253    Loss_Yolo 6.7270e+01
[Iter:1124] LR:9.878952584248976e-05 	    Time 2.5844    Loss_Yolo 9.0874e+01
[Iter:1125] LR:9.878737785723996e-05 	    Time 1.4274    Loss_Yolo 6.4760e+01
[Iter:1126] LR:9.878522799127623e-05 	    Time 1.2986    Loss_Yolo 5.9806e+01
[Iter:1127] LR:9.878307624468145e-05 	    Time 1.2594    Loss_Yolo 5.4705e+01
[Iter:1128] LR:9.878092261753856e-05 	    Time 1.2742    Loss_Yolo 6.6001e+01
[Iter:1129] LR:9.87787671099306e-05 	    Time 1.2917    Loss_Yolo 6.5594e+01
[Iter:1130] LR:9.877660972194067e-05 	    Time 1.3181    Loss_Yolo 6.9336e+01
[Iter:1131] LR:9.877445045365192e-05 	    Time 1.1581    Loss_Yolo 3.5759e+01
[Iter:1132] LR:9.877228930514764e-05 	    Time 1.8820    Loss_Yolo 5.9407e+01
[Iter:1133] LR:9.877012627651113e-05 	    Time 2.6959    Loss_Yolo 8.2049e+01
[Iter:1134] LR:9.876796136782576e-05 	    Time 2.2603    Loss_Yolo 5.2736e+01
[Iter:1135] LR:9.876579457917502e-05 	    Time 2.6480    Loss_Yolo 9.2771e+01
[Iter:1136] LR:9.876362591064244e-05 	    Time 2.4115    Loss_Yolo 3.9314e+01
[Iter:1137] LR:9.876145536231163e-05 	    Time 1.8705    Loss_Yolo 6.7930e+01
[Iter:1138] LR:9.875928293426626e-05 	    Time 1.6124    Loss_Yolo 3.6160e+01
[Iter:1139] LR:9.875710862659011e-05 	    Time 1.8520    Loss_Yolo 6.9173e+01
[Iter:1140] LR:9.875493243936698e-05 	    Time 2.0179    Loss_Yolo 5.1607e+01
[Iter:1141] LR:9.87527543726808e-05 	    Time 1.5978    Loss_Yolo 5.6548e+01
[Iter:1142] LR:9.875057442661549e-05 	    Time 1.2595    Loss_Yolo 4.0765e+01
[Iter:1143] LR:9.874839260125513e-05 	    Time 1.1822    Loss_Yolo 3.8556e+01
[Iter:1144] LR:9.874620889668384e-05 	    Time 1.4016    Loss_Yolo 8.6539e+01
[Iter:1145] LR:9.87440233129858e-05 	    Time 1.3809    Loss_Yolo 7.2839e+01
[Iter:1146] LR:9.874183585024525e-05 	    Time 1.4192    Loss_Yolo 8.8994e+01
[Iter:1147] LR:9.873964650854657e-05 	    Time 1.2220    Loss_Yolo 4.4550e+01
[Iter:1148] LR:9.873745528797411e-05 	    Time 1.2568    Loss_Yolo 2.7318e+01
[Iter:1149] LR:9.873526218861241e-05 	    Time 1.4386    Loss_Yolo 7.2553e+01
[Iter:1150] LR:9.873306721054597e-05 	    Time 1.3287    Loss_Yolo 7.2460e+01
[Iter:1151] LR:9.873087035385943e-05 	    Time 1.3465    Loss_Yolo 5.8042e+01
[Iter:1152] LR:9.87286716186375e-05 	    Time 1.3783    Loss_Yolo 8.0394e+01
[Iter:1153] LR:9.872647100496493e-05 	    Time 1.3268    Loss_Yolo 7.8889e+01
[Iter:1154] LR:9.872426851292657e-05 	    Time 1.4921    Loss_Yolo 9.0201e+01
[Iter:1155] LR:9.872206414260732e-05 	    Time 1.3062    Loss_Yolo 6.8638e+01
[Iter:1156] LR:9.871985789409218e-05 	    Time 1.2739    Loss_Yolo 4.1913e+01
[Iter:1157] LR:9.871764976746622e-05 	    Time 1.1548    Loss_Yolo 3.5575e+01
[Iter:1158] LR:9.871543976281452e-05 	    Time 1.3641    Loss_Yolo 8.0811e+01
[Iter:1159] LR:9.871322788022234e-05 	    Time 1.2694    Loss_Yolo 5.8766e+01
[Iter:1160] LR:9.871101411977491e-05 	    Time 1.2878    Loss_Yolo 7.7028e+01
[Iter:1160]     Time 1.8235    Loss_Yolo 6.4108e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.5114e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01160-val_Loss_Yolo_75.1140.pth
[Iter:1161] LR:9.870879848155762e-05 	    Time 1.3311    Loss_Yolo 6.5449e+01
[Iter:1162] LR:9.870658096565586e-05 	    Time 1.3699    Loss_Yolo 7.6171e+01
[Iter:1163] LR:9.870436157215513e-05 	    Time 1.2337    Loss_Yolo 4.8559e+01
[Iter:1164] LR:9.870214030114099e-05 	    Time 1.2354    Loss_Yolo 4.6073e+01
[Iter:1165] LR:9.86999171526991e-05 	    Time 1.2975    Loss_Yolo 6.3405e+01
[Iter:1166] LR:9.869769212691513e-05 	    Time 1.2994    Loss_Yolo 6.1004e+01
[Iter:1167] LR:9.869546522387489e-05 	    Time 1.2645    Loss_Yolo 4.9008e+01
[Iter:1168] LR:9.869323644366422e-05 	    Time 1.3516    Loss_Yolo 7.6111e+01
[Iter:1169] LR:9.869100578636906e-05 	    Time 1.3466    Loss_Yolo 7.3259e+01
[Iter:1170] LR:9.868877325207541e-05 	    Time 1.1571    Loss_Yolo 3.2931e+01
[Iter:1171] LR:9.868653884086931e-05 	    Time 1.2329    Loss_Yolo 4.8407e+01
[Iter:1172] LR:9.868430255283694e-05 	    Time 1.2155    Loss_Yolo 4.7008e+01
[Iter:1173] LR:9.868206438806453e-05 	    Time 1.3071    Loss_Yolo 7.5232e+01
[Iter:1174] LR:9.86798243466383e-05 	    Time 1.2902    Loss_Yolo 6.4519e+01
[Iter:1175] LR:9.867758242864466e-05 	    Time 1.2324    Loss_Yolo 5.4447e+01
[Iter:1176] LR:9.867533863417006e-05 	    Time 1.4443    Loss_Yolo 1.0625e+02
[Iter:1177] LR:9.867309296330095e-05 	    Time 1.3261    Loss_Yolo 6.0486e+01
[Iter:1178] LR:9.867084541612396e-05 	    Time 1.3435    Loss_Yolo 6.5170e+01
[Iter:1179] LR:9.866859599272571e-05 	    Time 1.3549    Loss_Yolo 7.1692e+01
[Iter:1180] LR:9.866634469319293e-05 	    Time 1.3573    Loss_Yolo 8.8101e+01
[Iter:1181] LR:9.86640915176124e-05 	    Time 1.2955    Loss_Yolo 6.0804e+01
[Iter:1182] LR:9.866183646607103e-05 	    Time 1.4533    Loss_Yolo 7.3196e+01
[Iter:1183] LR:9.865957953865572e-05 	    Time 1.1928    Loss_Yolo 4.9800e+01
[Iter:1184] LR:9.865732073545348e-05 	    Time 1.3664    Loss_Yolo 7.9114e+01
[Iter:1185] LR:9.865506005655143e-05 	    Time 1.2157    Loss_Yolo 4.9852e+01
[Iter:1186] LR:9.865279750203668e-05 	    Time 1.3144    Loss_Yolo 6.2024e+01
[Iter:1187] LR:9.86505330719965e-05 	    Time 1.1829    Loss_Yolo 4.8008e+01
[Iter:1188] LR:9.864826676651814e-05 	    Time 1.3660    Loss_Yolo 7.2050e+01
[Iter:1189] LR:9.864599858568905e-05 	    Time 1.3094    Loss_Yolo 7.1424e+01
[Iter:1190] LR:9.86437285295966e-05 	    Time 1.2662    Loss_Yolo 5.4255e+01
[Iter:1191] LR:9.864145659832835e-05 	    Time 1.3677    Loss_Yolo 7.7145e+01
[Iter:1192] LR:9.863918279197188e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 5.8320e+01
[Iter:1193] LR:9.863690711061485e-05 	    Time 1.2612    Loss_Yolo 6.6508e+01
[Iter:1194] LR:9.863462955434501e-05 	    Time 1.2120    Loss_Yolo 4.9846e+01
[Iter:1195] LR:9.863235012325014e-05 	    Time 1.2756    Loss_Yolo 5.2922e+01
[Iter:1196] LR:9.863006881741812e-05 	    Time 1.3079    Loss_Yolo 6.6969e+01
[Iter:1197] LR:9.862778563693692e-05 	    Time 1.2960    Loss_Yolo 6.2190e+01
[Iter:1198] LR:9.862550058189458e-05 	    Time 1.3531    Loss_Yolo 7.8645e+01
[Iter:1199] LR:9.862321365237915e-05 	    Time 1.2478    Loss_Yolo 5.0757e+01
[Iter:1200] LR:9.862092484847882e-05 	    Time 1.3894    Loss_Yolo 7.7931e+01
[Iter:1200]     Time 1.2973    Loss_Yolo 6.3376e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.3929e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 74.95023615220013 to 73.92928852754481
Save model to ./models/Iter-01200-val_Loss_Yolo_73.9293.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01200-val_Loss_Yolo_73.9293.pth
[Iter:1201] LR:9.861863417028185e-05 	    Time 1.4057    Loss_Yolo 6.3627e+01
[Iter:1202] LR:9.861634161787653e-05 	    Time 1.2071    Loss_Yolo 5.3549e+01
[Iter:1203] LR:9.861404719135125e-05 	    Time 1.2362    Loss_Yolo 5.3794e+01
[Iter:1204] LR:9.861175089079446e-05 	    Time 1.2400    Loss_Yolo 5.5819e+01
[Iter:1205] LR:9.86094527162947e-05 	    Time 1.3268    Loss_Yolo 7.8727e+01
[Iter:1206] LR:9.860715266794056e-05 	    Time 1.2786    Loss_Yolo 5.7789e+01
[Iter:1207] LR:9.860485074582073e-05 	    Time 1.2826    Loss_Yolo 6.4363e+01
[Iter:1208] LR:9.860254695002397e-05 	    Time 1.3068    Loss_Yolo 6.1125e+01
[Iter:1209] LR:9.860024128063906e-05 	    Time 1.3271    Loss_Yolo 7.1867e+01
[Iter:1210] LR:9.859793373775491e-05 	    Time 1.2923    Loss_Yolo 7.5554e+01
[Iter:1211] LR:9.859562432146048e-05 	    Time 1.2705    Loss_Yolo 5.4114e+01
[Iter:1212] LR:9.859331303184481e-05 	    Time 1.3066    Loss_Yolo 7.0835e+01
[Iter:1213] LR:9.859099986899702e-05 	    Time 1.2182    Loss_Yolo 3.7908e+01
[Iter:1214] LR:9.858868483300626e-05 	    Time 1.3389    Loss_Yolo 6.8312e+01
[Iter:1215] LR:9.85863679239618e-05 	    Time 1.3172    Loss_Yolo 6.6818e+01
[Iter:1216] LR:9.858404914195296e-05 	    Time 1.3299    Loss_Yolo 7.1476e+01
[Iter:1217] LR:9.858172848706913e-05 	    Time 1.3138    Loss_Yolo 4.9928e+01
[Iter:1218] LR:9.85794059593998e-05 	    Time 1.4155    Loss_Yolo 8.6487e+01
[Iter:1219] LR:9.857708155903447e-05 	    Time 1.1310    Loss_Yolo 3.5007e+01
[Iter:1220] LR:9.85747552860628e-05 	    Time 1.2683    Loss_Yolo 5.5706e+01
[Iter:1221] LR:9.857242714057446e-05 	    Time 1.2067    Loss_Yolo 4.3893e+01
[Iter:1222] LR:9.857009712265919e-05 	    Time 1.2184    Loss_Yolo 4.8327e+01
[Iter:1223] LR:9.856776523240683e-05 	    Time 1.2498    Loss_Yolo 6.0936e+01
[Iter:1224] LR:9.856543146990728e-05 	    Time 1.2814    Loss_Yolo 6.0286e+01
[Iter:1225] LR:9.856309583525053e-05 	    Time 1.6628    Loss_Yolo 5.1633e+01
[Iter:1226] LR:9.85607583285266e-05 	    Time 1.9695    Loss_Yolo 4.5843e+01
[Iter:1227] LR:9.855841894982562e-05 	    Time 1.9854    Loss_Yolo 4.0366e+01
[Iter:1228] LR:9.855607769923779e-05 	    Time 2.3722    Loss_Yolo 7.2600e+01
[Iter:1229] LR:9.855373457685335e-05 	    Time 2.2575    Loss_Yolo 5.1076e+01
[Iter:1230] LR:9.855138958276267e-05 	    Time 2.1956    Loss_Yolo 6.9795e+01
[Iter:1231] LR:9.854904271705612e-05 	    Time 1.6940    Loss_Yolo 7.1180e+01
[Iter:1232] LR:9.854669397982421e-05 	    Time 1.6919    Loss_Yolo 3.7093e+01
[Iter:1233] LR:9.854434337115746e-05 	    Time 1.9918    Loss_Yolo 8.1715e+01
[Iter:1234] LR:9.854199089114652e-05 	    Time 1.4291    Loss_Yolo 6.9070e+01
[Iter:1235] LR:9.853963653988207e-05 	    Time 1.2860    Loss_Yolo 4.7807e+01
[Iter:1236] LR:9.853728031745487e-05 	    Time 1.2992    Loss_Yolo 5.0893e+01
[Iter:1237] LR:9.853492222395579e-05 	    Time 1.3245    Loss_Yolo 7.5015e+01
[Iter:1238] LR:9.853256225947572e-05 	    Time 1.1953    Loss_Yolo 3.9056e+01
[Iter:1239] LR:9.853020042410564e-05 	    Time 1.2324    Loss_Yolo 3.3095e+01
[Iter:1240] LR:9.852783671793662e-05 	    Time 1.3107    Loss_Yolo 6.3454e+01
[Iter:1240]     Time 1.4417    Loss_Yolo 5.8648e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.2978e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 73.92928852754481 to 72.97769165039062
Save model to ./models/Iter-01240-val_Loss_Yolo_72.9777.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01240-val_Loss_Yolo_72.9777.pth
[Iter:1241] LR:9.852547114105978e-05 	    Time 1.2591    Loss_Yolo 6.0308e+01
[Iter:1242] LR:9.852310369356633e-05 	    Time 1.2659    Loss_Yolo 6.4437e+01
[Iter:1243] LR:9.852073437554754e-05 	    Time 1.2591    Loss_Yolo 5.8221e+01
[Iter:1244] LR:9.851836318709473e-05 	    Time 1.1382    Loss_Yolo 3.8001e+01
[Iter:1245] LR:9.851599012829934e-05 	    Time 1.2448    Loss_Yolo 5.9996e+01
[Iter:1246] LR:9.851361519925287e-05 	    Time 1.2962    Loss_Yolo 7.4201e+01
[Iter:1247] LR:9.851123840004686e-05 	    Time 1.3279    Loss_Yolo 8.7393e+01
[Iter:1248] LR:9.850885973077295e-05 	    Time 1.2285    Loss_Yolo 5.2121e+01
[Iter:1249] LR:9.850647919152284e-05 	    Time 1.2105    Loss_Yolo 4.4869e+01
[Iter:1250] LR:9.850409678238831e-05 	    Time 1.2461    Loss_Yolo 5.8296e+01
[Iter:1251] LR:9.850171250346123e-05 	    Time 1.2746    Loss_Yolo 7.4645e+01
[Iter:1252] LR:9.84993263548335e-05 	    Time 1.2559    Loss_Yolo 5.2753e+01
[Iter:1253] LR:9.849693833659709e-05 	    Time 1.2697    Loss_Yolo 5.8057e+01
[Iter:1254] LR:9.849454844884412e-05 	    Time 1.3147    Loss_Yolo 6.8301e+01
[Iter:1255] LR:9.849215669166669e-05 	    Time 1.2375    Loss_Yolo 5.6598e+01
[Iter:1256] LR:9.848976306515703e-05 	    Time 1.3044    Loss_Yolo 7.7886e+01
[Iter:1257] LR:9.84873675694074e-05 	    Time 1.1541    Loss_Yolo 3.0678e+01
[Iter:1258] LR:9.848497020451016e-05 	    Time 1.2489    Loss_Yolo 6.1302e+01
[Iter:1259] LR:9.848257097055775e-05 	    Time 1.2861    Loss_Yolo 8.3156e+01
[Iter:1260] LR:9.848016986764265e-05 	    Time 1.2342    Loss_Yolo 5.6997e+01
[Iter:1261] LR:9.847776689585745e-05 	    Time 1.2271    Loss_Yolo 5.4817e+01
[Iter:1262] LR:9.847536205529478e-05 	    Time 1.1920    Loss_Yolo 4.5581e+01
[Iter:1263] LR:9.847295534604735e-05 	    Time 1.3842    Loss_Yolo 9.2880e+01
[Iter:1264] LR:9.847054676820795e-05 	    Time 1.2770    Loss_Yolo 7.4128e+01
[Iter:1265] LR:9.846813632186945e-05 	    Time 1.2479    Loss_Yolo 5.1843e+01
[Iter:1266] LR:9.846572400712477e-05 	    Time 1.2452    Loss_Yolo 4.9250e+01
[Iter:1267] LR:9.84633098240669e-05 	    Time 1.2739    Loss_Yolo 6.7361e+01
[Iter:1268] LR:9.846089377278894e-05 	    Time 1.3776    Loss_Yolo 7.5141e+01
[Iter:1269] LR:9.845847585338402e-05 	    Time 1.3756    Loss_Yolo 9.6304e+01
[Iter:1270] LR:9.845605606594536e-05 	    Time 1.3251    Loss_Yolo 8.1322e+01
[Iter:1271] LR:9.845363441056626e-05 	    Time 1.3026    Loss_Yolo 8.1631e+01
[Iter:1272] LR:9.845121088734006e-05 	    Time 1.2996    Loss_Yolo 7.2229e+01
[Iter:1273] LR:9.844878549636022e-05 	    Time 1.2465    Loss_Yolo 6.2673e+01
[Iter:1274] LR:9.844635823772024e-05 	    Time 1.2542    Loss_Yolo 5.8650e+01
[Iter:1275] LR:9.844392911151367e-05 	    Time 1.3390    Loss_Yolo 7.9725e+01
[Iter:1276] LR:9.84414981178342e-05 	    Time 1.1851    Loss_Yolo 4.3377e+01
[Iter:1277] LR:9.843906525677554e-05 	    Time 1.2428    Loss_Yolo 6.1311e+01
[Iter:1278] LR:9.843663052843147e-05 	    Time 1.3943    Loss_Yolo 9.5220e+01
[Iter:1279] LR:9.843419393289588e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 6.4232e+01
[Iter:1280] LR:9.843175547026269e-05 	    Time 1.2310    Loss_Yolo 5.1769e+01
[Iter:1280]     Time 1.2695    Loss_Yolo 6.4442e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.3491e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01280-val_Loss_Yolo_73.4914.pth
[Iter:1281] LR:9.842931514062592e-05 	    Time 13.8540    Loss_Yolo 5.6702e+01
[Iter:1282] LR:9.842687294407965e-05 	    Time 2.6976    Loss_Yolo 6.6200e+01
[Iter:1283] LR:9.842442888071803e-05 	    Time 1.5015    Loss_Yolo 3.3670e+01
[Iter:1284] LR:9.842198295063527e-05 	    Time 1.4461    Loss_Yolo 6.7519e+01
[Iter:1285] LR:9.841953515392572e-05 	    Time 1.3134    Loss_Yolo 6.0691e+01
[Iter:1286] LR:9.841708549068371e-05 	    Time 1.2509    Loss_Yolo 5.8653e+01
[Iter:1287] LR:9.841463396100368e-05 	    Time 1.2847    Loss_Yolo 5.5465e+01
[Iter:1288] LR:9.841218056498016e-05 	    Time 1.3359    Loss_Yolo 6.8918e+01
[Iter:1289] LR:9.840972530270773e-05 	    Time 1.2016    Loss_Yolo 4.2651e+01
[Iter:1290] LR:9.840726817428106e-05 	    Time 1.2689    Loss_Yolo 5.5100e+01
[Iter:1291] LR:9.840480917979485e-05 	    Time 1.3273    Loss_Yolo 7.4450e+01
[Iter:1292] LR:9.840234831934393e-05 	    Time 1.2057    Loss_Yolo 4.2736e+01
[Iter:1293] LR:9.839988559302317e-05 	    Time 1.2639    Loss_Yolo 6.2257e+01
[Iter:1294] LR:9.839742100092749e-05 	    Time 1.2741    Loss_Yolo 5.4756e+01
[Iter:1295] LR:9.839495454315195e-05 	    Time 1.4401    Loss_Yolo 8.6628e+01
[Iter:1296] LR:9.839248621979159e-05 	    Time 1.3354    Loss_Yolo 6.3050e+01
[Iter:1297] LR:9.839001603094163e-05 	    Time 1.2658    Loss_Yolo 6.2792e+01
[Iter:1298] LR:9.838754397669727e-05 	    Time 1.2760    Loss_Yolo 5.2832e+01
[Iter:1299] LR:9.838507005715382e-05 	    Time 1.2073    Loss_Yolo 5.0705e+01
[Iter:1300] LR:9.838259427240663e-05 	    Time 1.3272    Loss_Yolo 7.3184e+01
[Iter:1301] LR:9.838011662255119e-05 	    Time 1.4934    Loss_Yolo 8.3725e+01
[Iter:1302] LR:9.837763710768301e-05 	    Time 1.3202    Loss_Yolo 3.7154e+01
[Iter:1303] LR:9.837515572789768e-05 	    Time 1.2922    Loss_Yolo 5.8358e+01
[Iter:1304] LR:9.837267248329085e-05 	    Time 1.1598    Loss_Yolo 3.4694e+01
[Iter:1305] LR:9.837018737395829e-05 	    Time 1.3730    Loss_Yolo 7.1986e+01
[Iter:1306] LR:9.836770039999579e-05 	    Time 1.3058    Loss_Yolo 7.0598e+01
[Iter:1307] LR:9.83652115614992e-05 	    Time 1.1846    Loss_Yolo 3.8758e+01
[Iter:1308] LR:9.836272085856455e-05 	    Time 1.2886    Loss_Yolo 6.4365e+01
[Iter:1309] LR:9.836022829128778e-05 	    Time 1.5421    Loss_Yolo 7.4326e+01
[Iter:1310] LR:9.835773385976505e-05 	    Time 2.2021    Loss_Yolo 8.5140e+01
[Iter:1311] LR:9.835523756409249e-05 	    Time 2.5687    Loss_Yolo 8.7744e+01
[Iter:1312] LR:9.835273940436634e-05 	    Time 2.7354    Loss_Yolo 5.4832e+01
[Iter:1313] LR:9.835023938068295e-05 	    Time 2.5231    Loss_Yolo 8.2743e+01
[Iter:1314] LR:9.834773749313866e-05 	    Time 2.1853    Loss_Yolo 7.1606e+01
[Iter:1315] LR:9.834523374182995e-05 	    Time 1.9113    Loss_Yolo 5.4414e+01
[Iter:1316] LR:9.834272812685334e-05 	    Time 1.8110    Loss_Yolo 4.8687e+01
[Iter:1317] LR:9.834022064830544e-05 	    Time 1.7688    Loss_Yolo 5.4301e+01
[Iter:1318] LR:9.833771130628288e-05 	    Time 1.5569    Loss_Yolo 6.7002e+01
[Iter:1319] LR:9.833520010088246e-05 	    Time 1.5655    Loss_Yolo 6.3883e+01
[Iter:1320] LR:9.833268703220097e-05 	    Time 1.3491    Loss_Yolo 6.7691e+01
[Iter:1320]     Time 1.8554    Loss_Yolo 6.1524e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.2982e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01320-val_Loss_Yolo_72.9818.pth
[Iter:1321] LR:9.833017210033529e-05 	    Time 1.2608    Loss_Yolo 4.5485e+01
[Iter:1322] LR:9.832765530538238e-05 	    Time 1.2572    Loss_Yolo 5.3663e+01
[Iter:1323] LR:9.832513664743929e-05 	    Time 1.2684    Loss_Yolo 4.7182e+01
[Iter:1324] LR:9.832261612660309e-05 	    Time 1.3795    Loss_Yolo 6.3082e+01
[Iter:1325] LR:9.832009374297098e-05 	    Time 1.5511    Loss_Yolo 9.7475e+01
[Iter:1326] LR:9.83175694966402e-05 	    Time 1.2531    Loss_Yolo 3.3691e+01
[Iter:1327] LR:9.831504338770805e-05 	    Time 1.2851    Loss_Yolo 6.8485e+01
[Iter:1328] LR:9.831251541627195e-05 	    Time 1.2892    Loss_Yolo 5.1406e+01
[Iter:1329] LR:9.830998558242932e-05 	    Time 1.3048    Loss_Yolo 5.7480e+01
[Iter:1330] LR:9.830745388627776e-05 	    Time 1.2889    Loss_Yolo 5.8578e+01
[Iter:1331] LR:9.83049203279148e-05 	    Time 1.2883    Loss_Yolo 6.9342e+01
[Iter:1332] LR:9.830238490743817e-05 	    Time 1.3072    Loss_Yolo 6.8333e+01
[Iter:1333] LR:9.829984762494558e-05 	    Time 1.2248    Loss_Yolo 4.7490e+01
[Iter:1334] LR:9.829730848053487e-05 	    Time 1.3072    Loss_Yolo 6.7553e+01
[Iter:1335] LR:9.829476747430393e-05 	    Time 1.2657    Loss_Yolo 6.2154e+01
[Iter:1336] LR:9.829222460635074e-05 	    Time 1.3110    Loss_Yolo 6.1505e+01
[Iter:1337] LR:9.828967987677332e-05 	    Time 1.2862    Loss_Yolo 7.1681e+01
[Iter:1338] LR:9.828713328566976e-05 	    Time 1.3192    Loss_Yolo 7.5675e+01
[Iter:1339] LR:9.828458483313827e-05 	    Time 1.3405    Loss_Yolo 7.6034e+01
[Iter:1340] LR:9.828203451927706e-05 	    Time 1.2533    Loss_Yolo 5.1476e+01
[Iter:1341] LR:9.827948234418452e-05 	    Time 1.3220    Loss_Yolo 6.6305e+01
[Iter:1342] LR:9.827692830795898e-05 	    Time 1.3006    Loss_Yolo 7.0856e+01
[Iter:1343] LR:9.827437241069893e-05 	    Time 1.2481    Loss_Yolo 4.2219e+01
[Iter:1344] LR:9.827181465250291e-05 	    Time 1.2551    Loss_Yolo 5.1964e+01
[Iter:1345] LR:9.826925503346953e-05 	    Time 1.3130    Loss_Yolo 6.3875e+01
[Iter:1346] LR:9.826669355369748e-05 	    Time 1.3266    Loss_Yolo 6.7821e+01
[Iter:1347] LR:9.826413021328549e-05 	    Time 1.2405    Loss_Yolo 4.8178e+01
[Iter:1348] LR:9.826156501233239e-05 	    Time 1.4363    Loss_Yolo 8.2341e+01
[Iter:1349] LR:9.825899795093709e-05 	    Time 1.4492    Loss_Yolo 8.7838e+01
[Iter:1350] LR:9.825642902919855e-05 	    Time 1.2453    Loss_Yolo 5.5853e+01
[Iter:1351] LR:9.825385824721582e-05 	    Time 1.2395    Loss_Yolo 5.4739e+01
[Iter:1352] LR:9.825128560508799e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 5.5772e+01
[Iter:1353] LR:9.824871110291426e-05 	    Time 1.3279    Loss_Yolo 6.7936e+01
[Iter:1354] LR:9.824613474079389e-05 	    Time 1.2816    Loss_Yolo 5.8616e+01
[Iter:1355] LR:9.82435565188262e-05 	    Time 1.2462    Loss_Yolo 4.8187e+01
[Iter:1356] LR:9.824097643711058e-05 	    Time 1.2575    Loss_Yolo 4.7217e+01
[Iter:1357] LR:9.823839449574651e-05 	    Time 1.2365    Loss_Yolo 4.3664e+01
[Iter:1358] LR:9.823581069483353e-05 	    Time 1.2697    Loss_Yolo 5.6525e+01
[Iter:1359] LR:9.823322503447125e-05 	    Time 1.3346    Loss_Yolo 7.0466e+01
[Iter:1360] LR:9.823063751475935e-05 	    Time 1.3414    Loss_Yolo 6.4065e+01
[Iter:1360]     Time 1.2996    Loss_Yolo 6.0805e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.3116e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01360-val_Loss_Yolo_73.1163.pth
[Iter:1361] LR:9.822804813579762e-05 	    Time 1.3189    Loss_Yolo 5.5289e+01
[Iter:1362] LR:9.822545689768585e-05 	    Time 1.4631    Loss_Yolo 9.1430e+01
[Iter:1363] LR:9.822286380052396e-05 	    Time 1.2015    Loss_Yolo 4.2019e+01
[Iter:1364] LR:9.82202688444119e-05 	    Time 1.2380    Loss_Yolo 4.2557e+01
[Iter:1365] LR:9.821767202944975e-05 	    Time 1.2694    Loss_Yolo 6.0025e+01
[Iter:1366] LR:9.82150733557376e-05 	    Time 1.2585    Loss_Yolo 4.8628e+01
[Iter:1367] LR:9.821247282337564e-05 	    Time 1.2791    Loss_Yolo 4.7110e+01
[Iter:1368] LR:9.820987043246414e-05 	    Time 1.2232    Loss_Yolo 3.9975e+01
[Iter:1369] LR:9.820726618310341e-05 	    Time 1.2921    Loss_Yolo 6.1591e+01
[Iter:1370] LR:9.820466007539388e-05 	    Time 1.2279    Loss_Yolo 4.4789e+01
[Iter:1371] LR:9.820205210943598e-05 	    Time 1.1879    Loss_Yolo 3.3840e+01
[Iter:1372] LR:9.819944228533031e-05 	    Time 1.3577    Loss_Yolo 7.6864e+01
[Iter:1373] LR:9.819683060317744e-05 	    Time 1.2568    Loss_Yolo 5.7488e+01
[Iter:1374] LR:9.819421706307809e-05 	    Time 1.3222    Loss_Yolo 5.4915e+01
[Iter:1375] LR:9.819160166513301e-05 	    Time 1.3709    Loss_Yolo 6.5852e+01
[Iter:1376] LR:9.818898440944303e-05 	    Time 1.3853    Loss_Yolo 8.3666e+01
[Iter:1377] LR:9.818636529610905e-05 	    Time 1.1556    Loss_Yolo 3.3969e+01
[Iter:1378] LR:9.818374432523204e-05 	    Time 1.2180    Loss_Yolo 4.9793e+01
[Iter:1379] LR:9.818112149691306e-05 	    Time 1.3644    Loss_Yolo 8.3024e+01
[Iter:1380] LR:9.817849681125322e-05 	    Time 1.2080    Loss_Yolo 4.5946e+01
[Iter:1381] LR:9.817587026835373e-05 	    Time 1.2302    Loss_Yolo 5.3312e+01
[Iter:1382] LR:9.817324186831583e-05 	    Time 1.2376    Loss_Yolo 6.2448e+01
[Iter:1383] LR:9.817061161124085e-05 	    Time 1.1767    Loss_Yolo 3.3830e+01
[Iter:1384] LR:9.81679794972302e-05 	    Time 1.3292    Loss_Yolo 7.5736e+01
[Iter:1385] LR:9.816534552638537e-05 	    Time 1.2503    Loss_Yolo 6.4018e+01
[Iter:1386] LR:9.816270969880789e-05 	    Time 1.3008    Loss_Yolo 7.0656e+01
[Iter:1387] LR:9.816007201459938e-05 	    Time 1.2238    Loss_Yolo 5.7301e+01
[Iter:1388] LR:9.815743247386155e-05 	    Time 1.2492    Loss_Yolo 5.5594e+01
[Iter:1389] LR:9.815479107669616e-05 	    Time 1.2191    Loss_Yolo 6.2141e+01
[Iter:1390] LR:9.815214782320502e-05 	    Time 1.2284    Loss_Yolo 5.1409e+01
[Iter:1391] LR:9.814950271349004e-05 	    Time 1.2115    Loss_Yolo 3.8131e+01
[Iter:1392] LR:9.814685574765322e-05 	    Time 1.2843    Loss_Yolo 5.7173e+01
[Iter:1393] LR:9.81442069257966e-05 	    Time 1.2974    Loss_Yolo 8.0666e+01
[Iter:1394] LR:9.814155624802229e-05 	    Time 1.2237    Loss_Yolo 5.6639e+01
[Iter:1395] LR:9.813890371443249e-05 	    Time 1.3535    Loss_Yolo 5.2611e+01
[Iter:1396] LR:9.813624932512944e-05 	    Time 1.4954    Loss_Yolo 5.0835e+01
[Iter:1397] LR:9.813359308021553e-05 	    Time 1.3485    Loss_Yolo 7.3730e+01
[Iter:1398] LR:9.81309349797931e-05 	    Time 1.2618    Loss_Yolo 4.8241e+01
[Iter:1399] LR:9.812827502396468e-05 	    Time 1.3624    Loss_Yolo 7.9737e+01
[Iter:1400] LR:9.81256132128328e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 5.3465e+01
[Iter:1400]     Time 1.2782    Loss_Yolo 5.7411e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.1854e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 72.97769165039062 to 71.85351068833295
Save model to ./models/Iter-01400-val_Loss_Yolo_71.8535.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01400-val_Loss_Yolo_71.8535.pth
[Iter:1401] LR:9.81229495465001e-05 	    Time 2.2110    Loss_Yolo 8.7558e+01
[Iter:1402] LR:9.812028402506925e-05 	    Time 1.2977    Loss_Yolo 4.1823e+01
[Iter:1403] LR:9.811761664864299e-05 	    Time 1.3242    Loss_Yolo 6.0553e+01
[Iter:1404] LR:9.811494741732422e-05 	    Time 1.5796    Loss_Yolo 8.6668e+01
[Iter:1405] LR:9.811227633121579e-05 	    Time 1.3491    Loss_Yolo 4.8621e+01
[Iter:1406] LR:9.810960339042071e-05 	    Time 1.2181    Loss_Yolo 4.9863e+01
[Iter:1407] LR:9.810692859504202e-05 	    Time 1.3835    Loss_Yolo 7.2348e+01
[Iter:1408] LR:9.810425194518284e-05 	    Time 1.4703    Loss_Yolo 8.8749e+01
[Iter:1409] LR:9.810157344094637e-05 	    Time 1.2784    Loss_Yolo 3.9758e+01
[Iter:1410] LR:9.809889308243587e-05 	    Time 1.2852    Loss_Yolo 6.4847e+01
[Iter:1411] LR:9.809621086975469e-05 	    Time 1.3367    Loss_Yolo 7.5734e+01
[Iter:1412] LR:9.80935268030062e-05 	    Time 1.4093    Loss_Yolo 9.0179e+01
[Iter:1413] LR:9.809084088229392e-05 	    Time 1.2820    Loss_Yolo 7.1104e+01
[Iter:1414] LR:9.808815310772137e-05 	    Time 1.2378    Loss_Yolo 6.1031e+01
[Iter:1415] LR:9.80854634793922e-05 	    Time 1.3038    Loss_Yolo 7.6030e+01
[Iter:1416] LR:9.808277199741009e-05 	    Time 1.3672    Loss_Yolo 6.2800e+01
[Iter:1417] LR:9.80800786618788e-05 	    Time 1.4668    Loss_Yolo 7.7909e+01
[Iter:1418] LR:9.807738347290218e-05 	    Time 1.3232    Loss_Yolo 6.6903e+01
[Iter:1419] LR:9.807468643058414e-05 	    Time 1.2061    Loss_Yolo 4.9049e+01
[Iter:1420] LR:9.807198753502864e-05 	    Time 1.1891    Loss_Yolo 4.0957e+01
[Iter:1421] LR:9.806928678633974e-05 	    Time 1.2351    Loss_Yolo 5.6109e+01
[Iter:1422] LR:9.806658418462155e-05 	    Time 1.2700    Loss_Yolo 6.4203e+01
[Iter:1423] LR:9.80638797299783e-05 	    Time 1.3994    Loss_Yolo 9.0505e+01
[Iter:1424] LR:9.806117342251422e-05 	    Time 1.1672    Loss_Yolo 3.8144e+01
[Iter:1425] LR:9.805846526233365e-05 	    Time 1.1776    Loss_Yolo 4.3958e+01
[Iter:1426] LR:9.805575524954103e-05 	    Time 1.1925    Loss_Yolo 4.0859e+01
[Iter:1427] LR:9.80530433842408e-05 	    Time 1.2263    Loss_Yolo 6.2414e+01
[Iter:1428] LR:9.805032966653753e-05 	    Time 1.2881    Loss_Yolo 6.4441e+01
[Iter:1429] LR:9.804761409653583e-05 	    Time 1.3586    Loss_Yolo 7.4770e+01
[Iter:1430] LR:9.804489667434042e-05 	    Time 1.2625    Loss_Yolo 5.4784e+01
[Iter:1431] LR:9.804217740005605e-05 	    Time 1.2353    Loss_Yolo 5.4157e+01
[Iter:1432] LR:9.803945627378754e-05 	    Time 1.2596    Loss_Yolo 6.2988e+01
[Iter:1433] LR:9.803673329563982e-05 	    Time 1.3268    Loss_Yolo 7.9378e+01
[Iter:1434] LR:9.803400846571786e-05 	    Time 1.4397    Loss_Yolo 1.1654e+02
[Iter:1435] LR:9.803128178412672e-05 	    Time 1.1695    Loss_Yolo 3.5449e+01
[Iter:1436] LR:9.80285532509715e-05 	    Time 1.2188    Loss_Yolo 4.9932e+01
[Iter:1437] LR:9.802582286635743e-05 	    Time 1.2958    Loss_Yolo 6.1813e+01
[Iter:1438] LR:9.802309063038976e-05 	    Time 1.2050    Loss_Yolo 4.4024e+01
[Iter:1439] LR:9.80203565431738e-05 	    Time 1.1903    Loss_Yolo 5.0458e+01
[Iter:1440] LR:9.801762060481498e-05 	    Time 1.1807    Loss_Yolo 4.3501e+01
[Iter:1440]     Time 1.3154    Loss_Yolo 6.2523e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.2039e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01440-val_Loss_Yolo_72.0394.pth
[Iter:1441] LR:9.801488281541878e-05 	    Time 13.5832    Loss_Yolo 6.5727e+01
[Iter:1442] LR:9.801214317509074e-05 	    Time 3.1822    Loss_Yolo 7.7122e+01
[Iter:1443] LR:9.80094016839365e-05 	    Time 1.5021    Loss_Yolo 4.6229e+01
[Iter:1444] LR:9.800665834206173e-05 	    Time 1.4796    Loss_Yolo 8.1310e+01
[Iter:1445] LR:9.800391314957221e-05 	    Time 1.3082    Loss_Yolo 6.1717e+01
[Iter:1446] LR:9.800116610657378e-05 	    Time 1.2748    Loss_Yolo 5.0163e+01
[Iter:1447] LR:9.799841721317233e-05 	    Time 1.3971    Loss_Yolo 8.4728e+01
[Iter:1448] LR:9.799566646947386e-05 	    Time 1.3199    Loss_Yolo 6.7111e+01
[Iter:1449] LR:9.79929138755844e-05 	    Time 1.2924    Loss_Yolo 6.4594e+01
[Iter:1450] LR:9.799015943161007e-05 	    Time 1.2844    Loss_Yolo 5.3267e+01
[Iter:1451] LR:9.798740313765708e-05 	    Time 1.2542    Loss_Yolo 5.8989e+01
[Iter:1452] LR:9.79846449938317e-05 	    Time 1.3426    Loss_Yolo 7.3741e+01
[Iter:1453] LR:9.798188500024024e-05 	    Time 1.4332    Loss_Yolo 7.8734e+01
[Iter:1454] LR:9.79791231569891e-05 	    Time 1.2542    Loss_Yolo 5.5132e+01
[Iter:1455] LR:9.797635946418479e-05 	    Time 1.3313    Loss_Yolo 6.5456e+01
[Iter:1456] LR:9.797359392193384e-05 	    Time 1.2801    Loss_Yolo 5.3436e+01
[Iter:1457] LR:9.797082653034288e-05 	    Time 1.3247    Loss_Yolo 8.1432e+01
[Iter:1458] LR:9.796805728951858e-05 	    Time 1.6257    Loss_Yolo 1.1528e+02
[Iter:1459] LR:9.796528619956774e-05 	    Time 1.3001    Loss_Yolo 6.8842e+01
[Iter:1460] LR:9.796251326059716e-05 	    Time 1.2146    Loss_Yolo 4.5648e+01
[Iter:1461] LR:9.795973847271375e-05 	    Time 1.2610    Loss_Yolo 5.4741e+01
[Iter:1462] LR:9.79569618360245e-05 	    Time 1.1872    Loss_Yolo 3.6303e+01
[Iter:1463] LR:9.795418335063646e-05 	    Time 1.2050    Loss_Yolo 4.0045e+01
[Iter:1464] LR:9.795140301665673e-05 	    Time 1.2541    Loss_Yolo 4.4585e+01
[Iter:1465] LR:9.794862083419253e-05 	    Time 1.2273    Loss_Yolo 4.4528e+01
[Iter:1466] LR:9.79458368033511e-05 	    Time 1.3402    Loss_Yolo 6.2445e+01
[Iter:1467] LR:9.794305092423977e-05 	    Time 1.2306    Loss_Yolo 5.3709e+01
[Iter:1468] LR:9.794026319696595e-05 	    Time 1.3055    Loss_Yolo 6.0996e+01
[Iter:1469] LR:9.793747362163713e-05 	    Time 1.2350    Loss_Yolo 3.8669e+01
[Iter:1470] LR:9.793468219836085e-05 	    Time 1.3178    Loss_Yolo 7.0443e+01
[Iter:1471] LR:9.79318889272447e-05 	    Time 1.2530    Loss_Yolo 6.4769e+01
[Iter:1472] LR:9.792909380839641e-05 	    Time 1.2016    Loss_Yolo 3.9045e+01
[Iter:1473] LR:9.79262968419237e-05 	    Time 1.4319    Loss_Yolo 9.7252e+01
[Iter:1474] LR:9.792349802793445e-05 	    Time 1.3714    Loss_Yolo 8.4627e+01
[Iter:1475] LR:9.792069736653653e-05 	    Time 1.3119    Loss_Yolo 6.9486e+01
[Iter:1476] LR:9.791789485783793e-05 	    Time 1.2129    Loss_Yolo 4.2903e+01
[Iter:1477] LR:9.791509050194668e-05 	    Time 1.2606    Loss_Yolo 5.3410e+01
[Iter:1478] LR:9.79122842989709e-05 	    Time 1.3263    Loss_Yolo 6.4547e+01
[Iter:1479] LR:9.790947624901879e-05 	    Time 1.3690    Loss_Yolo 6.6275e+01
[Iter:1480] LR:9.790666635219859e-05 	    Time 1.3721    Loss_Yolo 5.5230e+01
[Iter:1480]     Time 1.6665    Loss_Yolo 6.2317e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.0200e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 71.85351068833295 to 70.20047356100643
Save model to ./models/Iter-01480-val_Loss_Yolo_70.2005.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01480-val_Loss_Yolo_70.2005.pth
[Iter:1481] LR:9.790385460861866e-05 	    Time 2.9536    Loss_Yolo 8.6796e+01
[Iter:1482] LR:9.790104101838736e-05 	    Time 2.5860    Loss_Yolo 4.7391e+01
[Iter:1483] LR:9.789822558161321e-05 	    Time 1.7939    Loss_Yolo 4.4165e+01
[Iter:1484] LR:9.78954082984047e-05 	    Time 1.6325    Loss_Yolo 4.2516e+01
[Iter:1485] LR:9.78925891688705e-05 	    Time 1.7161    Loss_Yolo 2.8848e+01
[Iter:1486] LR:9.788976819311928e-05 	    Time 1.9895    Loss_Yolo 4.9060e+01
[Iter:1487] LR:9.788694537125977e-05 	    Time 1.9101    Loss_Yolo 6.7671e+01
[Iter:1488] LR:9.788412070340082e-05 	    Time 1.5093    Loss_Yolo 6.9397e+01
[Iter:1489] LR:9.788129418965133e-05 	    Time 1.4450    Loss_Yolo 9.0467e+01
[Iter:1490] LR:9.787846583012027e-05 	    Time 1.3129    Loss_Yolo 6.1211e+01
[Iter:1491] LR:9.787563562491667e-05 	    Time 1.2831    Loss_Yolo 7.1042e+01
[Iter:1492] LR:9.787280357414967e-05 	    Time 1.1788    Loss_Yolo 3.8348e+01
[Iter:1493] LR:9.786996967792843e-05 	    Time 1.2360    Loss_Yolo 5.0606e+01
[Iter:1494] LR:9.786713393636222e-05 	    Time 1.3711    Loss_Yolo 5.2294e+01
[Iter:1495] LR:9.786429634956035e-05 	    Time 1.1724    Loss_Yolo 3.2176e+01
[Iter:1496] LR:9.786145691763223e-05 	    Time 1.3431    Loss_Yolo 6.3427e+01
[Iter:1497] LR:9.785861564068733e-05 	    Time 1.4978    Loss_Yolo 6.5145e+01
[Iter:1498] LR:9.78557725188352e-05 	    Time 1.4253    Loss_Yolo 6.2588e+01
[Iter:1499] LR:9.785292755218542e-05 	    Time 1.3120    Loss_Yolo 4.8219e+01
[Iter:1500] LR:9.78500807408477e-05 	    Time 1.3382    Loss_Yolo 6.9309e+01
[Iter:1501] LR:9.784723208493179e-05 	    Time 1.2906    Loss_Yolo 5.0980e+01
[Iter:1502] LR:9.78443815845475e-05 	    Time 1.3284    Loss_Yolo 5.4649e+01
[Iter:1503] LR:9.784152923980475e-05 	    Time 1.2520    Loss_Yolo 4.5214e+01
[Iter:1504] LR:9.783867505081347e-05 	    Time 1.2282    Loss_Yolo 3.8288e+01
[Iter:1505] LR:9.783581901768374e-05 	    Time 1.3594    Loss_Yolo 4.3447e+01
[Iter:1506] LR:9.783296114052563e-05 	    Time 1.5110    Loss_Yolo 9.3950e+01
[Iter:1507] LR:9.783010141944935e-05 	    Time 1.3400    Loss_Yolo 6.9797e+01
[Iter:1508] LR:9.782723985456515e-05 	    Time 1.3021    Loss_Yolo 6.1404e+01
[Iter:1509] LR:9.782437644598333e-05 	    Time 1.4154    Loss_Yolo 9.2631e+01
[Iter:1510] LR:9.782151119381431e-05 	    Time 1.3391    Loss_Yolo 6.1384e+01
[Iter:1511] LR:9.781864409816852e-05 	    Time 1.3032    Loss_Yolo 6.6782e+01
[Iter:1512] LR:9.781577515915653e-05 	    Time 1.1400    Loss_Yolo 2.0076e+01
[Iter:1513] LR:9.781290437688892e-05 	    Time 1.2974    Loss_Yolo 6.7969e+01
[Iter:1514] LR:9.78100317514764e-05 	    Time 1.3651    Loss_Yolo 7.3138e+01
[Iter:1515] LR:9.780715728302969e-05 	    Time 1.3719    Loss_Yolo 6.1038e+01
[Iter:1516] LR:9.780428097165962e-05 	    Time 1.3133    Loss_Yolo 5.5436e+01
[Iter:1517] LR:9.780140281747708e-05 	    Time 1.3325    Loss_Yolo 7.0225e+01
[Iter:1518] LR:9.779852282059304e-05 	    Time 1.3181    Loss_Yolo 5.2943e+01
[Iter:1519] LR:9.77956409811185e-05 	    Time 1.2480    Loss_Yolo 4.8657e+01
[Iter:1520] LR:9.779275729916461e-05 	    Time 1.2954    Loss_Yolo 6.1169e+01
[Iter:1520]     Time 1.4589    Loss_Yolo 5.8246e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.0450e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01520-val_Loss_Yolo_70.4501.pth
[Iter:1521] LR:9.778987177484251e-05 	    Time 1.2135    Loss_Yolo 4.0492e+01
[Iter:1522] LR:9.778698440826347e-05 	    Time 1.1495    Loss_Yolo 2.5834e+01
[Iter:1523] LR:9.77840951995388e-05 	    Time 1.2540    Loss_Yolo 5.5525e+01
[Iter:1524] LR:9.778120414877988e-05 	    Time 1.2793    Loss_Yolo 5.5549e+01
[Iter:1525] LR:9.777831125609818e-05 	    Time 1.2601    Loss_Yolo 6.6425e+01
[Iter:1526] LR:9.777541652160522e-05 	    Time 1.4863    Loss_Yolo 8.6545e+01
[Iter:1527] LR:9.77725199454126e-05 	    Time 1.2685    Loss_Yolo 3.8163e+01
[Iter:1528] LR:9.776962152763199e-05 	    Time 1.4093    Loss_Yolo 5.7941e+01
[Iter:1529] LR:9.776672126837516e-05 	    Time 1.3134    Loss_Yolo 6.0992e+01
[Iter:1530] LR:9.77638191677539e-05 	    Time 1.3157    Loss_Yolo 5.9239e+01
[Iter:1531] LR:9.776091522588008e-05 	    Time 1.3224    Loss_Yolo 7.6443e+01
[Iter:1532] LR:9.775800944286569e-05 	    Time 1.3447    Loss_Yolo 7.0788e+01
[Iter:1533] LR:9.775510181882276e-05 	    Time 1.3724    Loss_Yolo 7.5956e+01
[Iter:1534] LR:9.775219235386334e-05 	    Time 1.2008    Loss_Yolo 4.6100e+01
[Iter:1535] LR:9.774928104809964e-05 	    Time 1.2051    Loss_Yolo 3.8791e+01
[Iter:1536] LR:9.77463679016439e-05 	    Time 1.2505    Loss_Yolo 5.1602e+01
[Iter:1537] LR:9.774345291460842e-05 	    Time 1.2453    Loss_Yolo 5.6557e+01
[Iter:1538] LR:9.774053608710558e-05 	    Time 1.2129    Loss_Yolo 4.6076e+01
[Iter:1539] LR:9.773761741924782e-05 	    Time 1.3280    Loss_Yolo 7.8978e+01
[Iter:1540] LR:9.773469691114771e-05 	    Time 1.3191    Loss_Yolo 6.7740e+01
[Iter:1541] LR:9.773177456291778e-05 	    Time 1.4043    Loss_Yolo 7.3353e+01
[Iter:1542] LR:9.772885037467076e-05 	    Time 1.1683    Loss_Yolo 3.6352e+01
[Iter:1543] LR:9.772592434651935e-05 	    Time 1.2557    Loss_Yolo 5.1637e+01
[Iter:1544] LR:9.772299647857634e-05 	    Time 1.3202    Loss_Yolo 7.8476e+01
[Iter:1545] LR:9.772006677095464e-05 	    Time 1.2396    Loss_Yolo 5.9149e+01
[Iter:1546] LR:9.771713522376721e-05 	    Time 1.3217    Loss_Yolo 6.5429e+01
[Iter:1547] LR:9.771420183712706e-05 	    Time 1.2396    Loss_Yolo 5.4158e+01
[Iter:1548] LR:9.771126661114725e-05 	    Time 1.3958    Loss_Yolo 9.4820e+01
[Iter:1549] LR:9.770832954594097e-05 	    Time 1.2152    Loss_Yolo 4.5315e+01
[Iter:1550] LR:9.770539064162145e-05 	    Time 1.2349    Loss_Yolo 4.9700e+01
[Iter:1551] LR:9.7702449898302e-05 	    Time 1.3616    Loss_Yolo 8.2443e+01
[Iter:1552] LR:9.769950731609597e-05 	    Time 1.2551    Loss_Yolo 6.0488e+01
[Iter:1553] LR:9.769656289511685e-05 	    Time 1.2203    Loss_Yolo 5.6747e+01
[Iter:1554] LR:9.76936166354781e-05 	    Time 1.2256    Loss_Yolo 4.4809e+01
[Iter:1555] LR:9.769066853729336e-05 	    Time 1.2395    Loss_Yolo 5.8297e+01
[Iter:1556] LR:9.768771860067627e-05 	    Time 1.2458    Loss_Yolo 6.0434e+01
[Iter:1557] LR:9.768476682574054e-05 	    Time 1.2421    Loss_Yolo 5.8095e+01
[Iter:1558] LR:9.768181321259999e-05 	    Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 5.0213e+01
[Iter:1559] LR:9.76788577613685e-05 	    Time 1.2435    Loss_Yolo 6.1841e+01
[Iter:1560] LR:9.767590047215999e-05 	    Time 1.2750    Loss_Yolo 5.1080e+01
[Iter:1560]     Time 1.2776    Loss_Yolo 5.8714e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.0420e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01560-val_Loss_Yolo_70.4199.pth
[Iter:1561] LR:9.767294134508846e-05 	    Time 1.1816    Loss_Yolo 3.3691e+01
[Iter:1562] LR:9.766998038026805e-05 	    Time 1.1683    Loss_Yolo 3.6770e+01
[Iter:1563] LR:9.766701757781286e-05 	    Time 1.4141    Loss_Yolo 9.8860e+01
[Iter:1564] LR:9.766405293783713e-05 	    Time 1.3508    Loss_Yolo 8.2606e+01
[Iter:1565] LR:9.766108646045518e-05 	    Time 1.1960    Loss_Yolo 4.2372e+01
[Iter:1566] LR:9.765811814578134e-05 	    Time 1.3582    Loss_Yolo 6.7581e+01
[Iter:1567] LR:9.76551479939301e-05 	    Time 1.2563    Loss_Yolo 6.2269e+01
[Iter:1568] LR:9.765217600501589e-05 	    Time 1.3631    Loss_Yolo 7.6881e+01
[Iter:1569] LR:9.764920217915337e-05 	    Time 1.2381    Loss_Yolo 5.5941e+01
[Iter:1570] LR:9.764622651645713e-05 	    Time 1.2476    Loss_Yolo 5.9650e+01
[Iter:1571] LR:9.764324901704192e-05 	    Time 1.2939    Loss_Yolo 7.6973e+01
[Iter:1572] LR:9.764026968102253e-05 	    Time 1.2383    Loss_Yolo 5.3579e+01
[Iter:1573] LR:9.763728850851383e-05 	    Time 1.1977    Loss_Yolo 4.7852e+01
[Iter:1574] LR:9.763430549963073e-05 	    Time 1.2056    Loss_Yolo 5.1350e+01
[Iter:1575] LR:9.763132065448826e-05 	    Time 1.2396    Loss_Yolo 5.4093e+01
[Iter:1576] LR:9.762833397320148e-05 	    Time 1.2343    Loss_Yolo 4.5782e+01
[Iter:1577] LR:9.762534545588554e-05 	    Time 1.2839    Loss_Yolo 4.9703e+01
[Iter:1578] LR:9.762235510265566e-05 	    Time 1.4241    Loss_Yolo 5.3369e+01
[Iter:1579] LR:9.761936291362712e-05 	    Time 1.2742    Loss_Yolo 7.1487e+01
[Iter:1580] LR:9.761636888891527e-05 	    Time 1.1346    Loss_Yolo 3.3728e+01
[Iter:1581] LR:9.761337302863557e-05 	    Time 1.2814    Loss_Yolo 5.2026e+01
[Iter:1582] LR:9.761037533290349e-05 	    Time 1.2891    Loss_Yolo 6.3872e+01
[Iter:1583] LR:9.760737580183461e-05 	    Time 1.1623    Loss_Yolo 4.0592e+01
[Iter:1584] LR:9.760437443554458e-05 	    Time 1.3421    Loss_Yolo 5.3762e+01
[Iter:1585] LR:9.760137123414911e-05 	    Time 1.3800    Loss_Yolo 7.0398e+01
[Iter:1586] LR:9.759836619776396e-05 	    Time 1.2771    Loss_Yolo 6.2082e+01
[Iter:1587] LR:9.759535932650501e-05 	    Time 1.2080    Loss_Yolo 4.6351e+01
[Iter:1588] LR:9.759235062048819e-05 	    Time 1.2399    Loss_Yolo 5.4565e+01
[Iter:1589] LR:9.758934007982945e-05 	    Time 1.2370    Loss_Yolo 5.7539e+01
[Iter:1590] LR:9.758632770464492e-05 	    Time 1.3267    Loss_Yolo 6.4412e+01
[Iter:1591] LR:9.75833134950507e-05 	    Time 1.1494    Loss_Yolo 3.1319e+01
[Iter:1592] LR:9.758029745116298e-05 	    Time 1.8905    Loss_Yolo 6.4306e+01
[Iter:1593] LR:9.757727957309806e-05 	    Time 2.1045    Loss_Yolo 4.7161e+01
[Iter:1594] LR:9.75742598609723e-05 	    Time 2.0068    Loss_Yolo 5.0902e+01
[Iter:1595] LR:9.75712383149021e-05 	    Time 2.7259    Loss_Yolo 4.6812e+01
[Iter:1596] LR:9.756821493500396e-05 	    Time 2.4079    Loss_Yolo 4.7721e+01
[Iter:1597] LR:9.756518972139444e-05 	    Time 2.3524    Loss_Yolo 7.1132e+01
[Iter:1598] LR:9.756216267419017e-05 	    Time 1.6822    Loss_Yolo 5.4336e+01
[Iter:1599] LR:9.755913379350784e-05 	    Time 2.0494    Loss_Yolo 6.1022e+01
[Iter:1600] LR:9.755610307946423e-05 	    Time 1.4497    Loss_Yolo 6.4308e+01
[Iter:1600]     Time 1.4466    Loss_Yolo 5.6479e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 7.0417e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01600-val_Loss_Yolo_70.4168.pth
[Iter:1601] LR:9.755307053217622e-05 	    Time 14.5808    Loss_Yolo 8.1678e+01
[Iter:1602] LR:9.755003615176066e-05 	    Time 2.9915    Loss_Yolo 6.3163e+01
[Iter:1603] LR:9.754699993833457e-05 	    Time 1.5748    Loss_Yolo 4.3372e+01
[Iter:1604] LR:9.754396189201501e-05 	    Time 1.3456    Loss_Yolo 4.5484e+01
[Iter:1605] LR:9.75409220129191e-05 	    Time 1.3122    Loss_Yolo 4.9118e+01
[Iter:1606] LR:9.753788030116402e-05 	    Time 1.3901    Loss_Yolo 7.2925e+01
[Iter:1607] LR:9.753483675686707e-05 	    Time 1.2122    Loss_Yolo 3.7677e+01
[Iter:1608] LR:9.753179138014556e-05 	    Time 1.3314    Loss_Yolo 5.8026e+01
[Iter:1609] LR:9.752874417111693e-05 	    Time 1.3607    Loss_Yolo 6.0319e+01
[Iter:1610] LR:9.752569512989861e-05 	    Time 1.3104    Loss_Yolo 6.2100e+01
[Iter:1611] LR:9.75226442566082e-05 	    Time 1.2581    Loss_Yolo 5.2462e+01
[Iter:1612] LR:9.751959155136329e-05 	    Time 1.2434    Loss_Yolo 4.8386e+01
[Iter:1613] LR:9.751653701428159e-05 	    Time 1.3005    Loss_Yolo 5.6429e+01
[Iter:1614] LR:9.751348064548085e-05 	    Time 1.3476    Loss_Yolo 5.5564e+01
[Iter:1615] LR:9.751042244507891e-05 	    Time 1.2380    Loss_Yolo 4.1773e+01
[Iter:1616] LR:9.750736241319367e-05 	    Time 1.2214    Loss_Yolo 5.1695e+01
[Iter:1617] LR:9.750430054994308e-05 	    Time 1.3065    Loss_Yolo 6.7614e+01
[Iter:1618] LR:9.750123685544524e-05 	    Time 1.2893    Loss_Yolo 6.3904e+01
[Iter:1619] LR:9.749817132981822e-05 	    Time 1.2686    Loss_Yolo 4.9543e+01
[Iter:1620] LR:9.749510397318022e-05 	    Time 1.2767    Loss_Yolo 6.0150e+01
[Iter:1621] LR:9.749203478564948e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 5.3397e+01
[Iter:1622] LR:9.748896376734436e-05 	    Time 1.2338    Loss_Yolo 4.4931e+01
[Iter:1623] LR:9.748589091838324e-05 	    Time 1.2899    Loss_Yolo 5.8159e+01
[Iter:1624] LR:9.748281623888457e-05 	    Time 1.3783    Loss_Yolo 8.2829e+01
[Iter:1625] LR:9.747973972896692e-05 	    Time 1.3057    Loss_Yolo 7.0006e+01
[Iter:1626] LR:9.747666138874888e-05 	    Time 1.2260    Loss_Yolo 4.6129e+01
[Iter:1627] LR:9.747358121834913e-05 	    Time 1.4087    Loss_Yolo 7.3081e+01
[Iter:1628] LR:9.747049921788643e-05 	    Time 1.2856    Loss_Yolo 5.9261e+01
[Iter:1629] LR:9.746741538747959e-05 	    Time 1.2075    Loss_Yolo 4.0350e+01
[Iter:1630] LR:9.746432972724751e-05 	    Time 1.3107    Loss_Yolo 5.7534e+01
[Iter:1631] LR:9.746124223730916e-05 	    Time 1.3056    Loss_Yolo 6.6394e+01
[Iter:1632] LR:9.745815291778354e-05 	    Time 1.2753    Loss_Yolo 5.2246e+01
[Iter:1633] LR:9.745506176878978e-05 	    Time 1.2530    Loss_Yolo 5.5012e+01
[Iter:1634] LR:9.745196879044705e-05 	    Time 1.2644    Loss_Yolo 4.7674e+01
[Iter:1635] LR:9.744887398287459e-05 	    Time 1.2695    Loss_Yolo 4.6220e+01
[Iter:1636] LR:9.744577734619173e-05 	    Time 1.3113    Loss_Yolo 6.6255e+01
[Iter:1637] LR:9.744267888051783e-05 	    Time 1.2497    Loss_Yolo 6.0031e+01
[Iter:1638] LR:9.743957858597235e-05 	    Time 1.3486    Loss_Yolo 6.8597e+01
[Iter:1639] LR:9.743647646267484e-05 	    Time 1.2297    Loss_Yolo 5.5345e+01
[Iter:1640] LR:9.743337251074487e-05 	    Time 1.2578    Loss_Yolo 5.2808e+01
[Iter:1640]     Time 1.6713    Loss_Yolo 5.6941e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.9340e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 70.20047356100643 to 69.33958165785846
Save model to ./models/Iter-01640-val_Loss_Yolo_69.3396.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01640-val_Loss_Yolo_69.3396.pth
[Iter:1641] LR:9.74302667303021e-05 	    Time 1.1872    Loss_Yolo 3.1442e+01
[Iter:1642] LR:9.742715912146632e-05 	    Time 1.3466    Loss_Yolo 6.9124e+01
[Iter:1643] LR:9.742404968435726e-05 	    Time 1.3393    Loss_Yolo 8.1975e+01
[Iter:1644] LR:9.742093841909487e-05 	    Time 1.3324    Loss_Yolo 5.8784e+01
[Iter:1645] LR:9.741782532579906e-05 	    Time 1.3001    Loss_Yolo 6.3104e+01
[Iter:1646] LR:9.741471040458986e-05 	    Time 1.1710    Loss_Yolo 3.0748e+01
[Iter:1647] LR:9.741159365558737e-05 	    Time 1.2664    Loss_Yolo 6.2360e+01
[Iter:1648] LR:9.740847507891173e-05 	    Time 1.2984    Loss_Yolo 6.1121e+01
[Iter:1649] LR:9.740535467468318e-05 	    Time 1.3399    Loss_Yolo 8.6549e+01
[Iter:1650] LR:9.740223244302202e-05 	    Time 1.4632    Loss_Yolo 7.8860e+01
[Iter:1651] LR:9.739910838404864e-05 	    Time 1.2639    Loss_Yolo 4.3805e+01
[Iter:1652] LR:9.739598249788346e-05 	    Time 1.1494    Loss_Yolo 2.7462e+01
[Iter:1653] LR:9.739285478464699e-05 	    Time 1.2375    Loss_Yolo 5.0838e+01
[Iter:1654] LR:9.738972524445982e-05 	    Time 1.2511    Loss_Yolo 5.4865e+01
[Iter:1655] LR:9.738659387744262e-05 	    Time 1.2615    Loss_Yolo 4.5508e+01
[Iter:1656] LR:9.73834606837161e-05 	    Time 1.2376    Loss_Yolo 4.3006e+01
[Iter:1657] LR:9.738032566340102e-05 	    Time 1.3499    Loss_Yolo 6.2776e+01
[Iter:1658] LR:9.737718881661832e-05 	    Time 1.3047    Loss_Yolo 6.2186e+01
[Iter:1659] LR:9.737405014348888e-05 	    Time 1.4411    Loss_Yolo 8.6201e+01
[Iter:1660] LR:9.737090964413372e-05 	    Time 1.3279    Loss_Yolo 7.8522e+01
[Iter:1661] LR:9.736776731867391e-05 	    Time 1.2636    Loss_Yolo 5.3124e+01
[Iter:1662] LR:9.736462316723061e-05 	    Time 1.2700    Loss_Yolo 4.9029e+01
[Iter:1663] LR:9.736147718992503e-05 	    Time 1.3844    Loss_Yolo 4.7922e+01
[Iter:1664] LR:9.735832938687846e-05 	    Time 1.2168    Loss_Yolo 2.4385e+01
[Iter:1665] LR:9.735517975821224e-05 	    Time 1.4049    Loss_Yolo 6.7093e+01
[Iter:1666] LR:9.735202830404784e-05 	    Time 1.3679    Loss_Yolo 7.0729e+01
[Iter:1667] LR:9.734887502450671e-05 	    Time 1.2756    Loss_Yolo 5.3124e+01
[Iter:1668] LR:9.734571991971043e-05 	    Time 1.4054    Loss_Yolo 6.8049e+01
[Iter:1669] LR:9.734256298978067e-05 	    Time 1.4830    Loss_Yolo 9.6908e+01
[Iter:1670] LR:9.733940423483912e-05 	    Time 1.3165    Loss_Yolo 6.1151e+01
[Iter:1671] LR:9.733624365500755e-05 	    Time 1.4058    Loss_Yolo 8.0573e+01
[Iter:1672] LR:9.733308125040782e-05 	    Time 1.4392    Loss_Yolo 8.2324e+01
[Iter:1673] LR:9.732991702116185e-05 	    Time 1.2778    Loss_Yolo 5.0371e+01
[Iter:1674] LR:9.732675096739163e-05 	    Time 1.1983    Loss_Yolo 4.0818e+01
[Iter:1675] LR:9.732358308921922e-05 	    Time 1.2620    Loss_Yolo 6.0062e+01
[Iter:1676] LR:9.732041338676676e-05 	    Time 1.1990    Loss_Yolo 3.4992e+01
[Iter:1677] LR:9.731724186015644e-05 	    Time 1.3330    Loss_Yolo 7.1400e+01
[Iter:1678] LR:9.731406850951053e-05 	    Time 1.3244    Loss_Yolo 6.2410e+01
[Iter:1679] LR:9.73108933349514e-05 	    Time 1.2633    Loss_Yolo 5.9111e+01
[Iter:1680] LR:9.730771633660144e-05 	    Time 1.3872    Loss_Yolo 7.1790e+01
[Iter:1680]     Time 1.3087    Loss_Yolo 5.9615e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.8878e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 69.33958165785846 to 68.87772773293888
Save model to ./models/Iter-01680-val_Loss_Yolo_68.8777.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01680-val_Loss_Yolo_68.8777.pth
[Iter:1681] LR:9.730453751458314e-05 	    Time 1.1910    Loss_Yolo 3.1509e+01
[Iter:1682] LR:9.730135686901903e-05 	    Time 1.2444    Loss_Yolo 4.2645e+01
[Iter:1683] LR:9.729817440003177e-05 	    Time 1.2959    Loss_Yolo 5.9830e+01
[Iter:1684] LR:9.729499010774404e-05 	    Time 1.3859    Loss_Yolo 7.8853e+01
[Iter:1685] LR:9.72918039922786e-05 	    Time 1.8391    Loss_Yolo 1.0738e+02
[Iter:1686] LR:9.728861605375828e-05 	    Time 1.7873    Loss_Yolo 5.3011e+01
[Iter:1687] LR:9.7285426292306e-05 	    Time 1.7027    Loss_Yolo 4.2063e+01
[Iter:1688] LR:9.728223470804472e-05 	    Time 2.3574    Loss_Yolo 6.8337e+01
[Iter:1689] LR:9.72790413010975e-05 	    Time 2.4934    Loss_Yolo 8.0301e+01
[Iter:1690] LR:9.727584607158746e-05 	    Time 2.4548    Loss_Yolo 8.7661e+01
[Iter:1691] LR:9.727264901963776e-05 	    Time 1.9965    Loss_Yolo 4.9173e+01
[Iter:1692] LR:9.726945014537168e-05 	    Time 1.8816    Loss_Yolo 5.3213e+01
[Iter:1693] LR:9.726624944891254e-05 	    Time 1.7095    Loss_Yolo 6.6966e+01
[Iter:1694] LR:9.726304693038374e-05 	    Time 1.9027    Loss_Yolo 6.5806e+01
[Iter:1695] LR:9.725984258990873e-05 	    Time 1.4938    Loss_Yolo 5.2025e+01
[Iter:1696] LR:9.725663642761107e-05 	    Time 1.4585    Loss_Yolo 6.4148e+01
[Iter:1697] LR:9.725342844361435e-05 	    Time 1.2633    Loss_Yolo 5.7577e+01
[Iter:1698] LR:9.725021863804225e-05 	    Time 1.1936    Loss_Yolo 3.8205e+01
[Iter:1699] LR:9.724700701101854e-05 	    Time 1.2047    Loss_Yolo 5.1778e+01
[Iter:1700] LR:9.724379356266701e-05 	    Time 1.2605    Loss_Yolo 5.3354e+01
[Iter:1701] LR:9.724057829311158e-05 	    Time 1.1679    Loss_Yolo 4.0401e+01
[Iter:1702] LR:9.723736120247616e-05 	    Time 1.2684    Loss_Yolo 6.3261e+01
[Iter:1703] LR:9.723414229088483e-05 	    Time 1.1684    Loss_Yolo 3.0177e+01
[Iter:1704] LR:9.723092155846165e-05 	    Time 1.3269    Loss_Yolo 6.7988e+01
[Iter:1705] LR:9.722769900533084e-05 	    Time 1.2669    Loss_Yolo 4.8631e+01
[Iter:1706] LR:9.722447463161658e-05 	    Time 1.2656    Loss_Yolo 4.9337e+01
[Iter:1707] LR:9.722124843744321e-05 	    Time 1.3715    Loss_Yolo 6.8081e+01
[Iter:1708] LR:9.72180204229351e-05 	    Time 1.1504    Loss_Yolo 3.3215e+01
[Iter:1709] LR:9.721479058821671e-05 	    Time 1.3497    Loss_Yolo 9.1245e+01
[Iter:1710] LR:9.721155893341256e-05 	    Time 1.3152    Loss_Yolo 6.5823e+01
[Iter:1711] LR:9.720832545864724e-05 	    Time 1.3007    Loss_Yolo 5.5247e+01
[Iter:1712] LR:9.72050901640454e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 6.2267e+01
[Iter:1713] LR:9.72018530497318e-05 	    Time 1.1530    Loss_Yolo 2.6551e+01
[Iter:1714] LR:9.719861411583119e-05 	    Time 1.3655    Loss_Yolo 7.5406e+01
[Iter:1715] LR:9.719537336246849e-05 	    Time 1.2422    Loss_Yolo 4.4405e+01
[Iter:1716] LR:9.719213078976861e-05 	    Time 1.3516    Loss_Yolo 7.6792e+01
[Iter:1717] LR:9.718888639785657e-05 	    Time 1.2529    Loss_Yolo 5.2731e+01
[Iter:1718] LR:9.718564018685746e-05 	    Time 1.1547    Loss_Yolo 3.6493e+01
[Iter:1719] LR:9.718239215689641e-05 	    Time 1.2942    Loss_Yolo 7.3046e+01
[Iter:1720] LR:9.71791423080987e-05 	    Time 1.2094    Loss_Yolo 5.5568e+01
[Iter:1720]     Time 1.4587    Loss_Yolo 5.8012e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.8685e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 68.87772773293888 to 68.68549189848058
Save model to ./models/Iter-01720-val_Loss_Yolo_68.6855.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01720-val_Loss_Yolo_68.6855.pth
[Iter:1721] LR:9.717589064058955e-05 	    Time 1.2642    Loss_Yolo 6.1551e+01
[Iter:1722] LR:9.717263715449435e-05 	    Time 1.2451    Loss_Yolo 5.3729e+01
[Iter:1723] LR:9.716938184993854e-05 	    Time 1.4779    Loss_Yolo 1.0733e+02
[Iter:1724] LR:9.716612472704762e-05 	    Time 1.3094    Loss_Yolo 7.0435e+01
[Iter:1725] LR:9.716286578594714e-05 	    Time 1.1849    Loss_Yolo 3.9985e+01
[Iter:1726] LR:9.715960502676278e-05 	    Time 1.3231    Loss_Yolo 7.2345e+01
[Iter:1727] LR:9.715634244962023e-05 	    Time 1.2810    Loss_Yolo 6.1724e+01
[Iter:1728] LR:9.715307805464526e-05 	    Time 1.2938    Loss_Yolo 5.3008e+01
[Iter:1729] LR:9.714981184196377e-05 	    Time 1.1764    Loss_Yolo 4.6019e+01
[Iter:1730] LR:9.714654381170164e-05 	    Time 1.2410    Loss_Yolo 4.8509e+01
[Iter:1731] LR:9.714327396398485e-05 	    Time 1.2282    Loss_Yolo 4.3958e+01
[Iter:1732] LR:9.714000229893952e-05 	    Time 1.2129    Loss_Yolo 5.4686e+01
[Iter:1733] LR:9.713672881669172e-05 	    Time 1.2205    Loss_Yolo 5.1688e+01
[Iter:1734] LR:9.71334535173677e-05 	    Time 1.3099    Loss_Yolo 7.0266e+01
[Iter:1735] LR:9.713017640109371e-05 	    Time 1.3540    Loss_Yolo 8.3990e+01
[Iter:1736] LR:9.712689746799611e-05 	    Time 1.2145    Loss_Yolo 5.6171e+01
[Iter:1737] LR:9.71236167182013e-05 	    Time 1.2557    Loss_Yolo 5.8932e+01
[Iter:1738] LR:9.712033415183576e-05 	    Time 1.3507    Loss_Yolo 8.3164e+01
[Iter:1739] LR:9.711704976902604e-05 	    Time 1.2163    Loss_Yolo 4.9440e+01
[Iter:1740] LR:9.711376356989879e-05 	    Time 1.2336    Loss_Yolo 5.5293e+01
[Iter:1741] LR:9.711047555458067e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 5.8205e+01
[Iter:1742] LR:9.710718572319846e-05 	    Time 1.3222    Loss_Yolo 7.6534e+01
[Iter:1743] LR:9.7103894075879e-05 	    Time 1.1894    Loss_Yolo 5.0382e+01
[Iter:1744] LR:9.71006006127492e-05 	    Time 1.2454    Loss_Yolo 5.4654e+01
[Iter:1745] LR:9.709730533393599e-05 	    Time 1.1313    Loss_Yolo 2.9656e+01
[Iter:1746] LR:9.709400823956646e-05 	    Time 1.2403    Loss_Yolo 4.6423e+01
[Iter:1747] LR:9.70907093297677e-05 	    Time 1.1183    Loss_Yolo 2.6813e+01
[Iter:1748] LR:9.70874086046669e-05 	    Time 1.2786    Loss_Yolo 5.9614e+01
[Iter:1749] LR:9.708410606439131e-05 	    Time 1.1771    Loss_Yolo 4.2431e+01
[Iter:1750] LR:9.708080170906826e-05 	    Time 1.1750    Loss_Yolo 3.3619e+01
[Iter:1751] LR:9.707749553882512e-05 	    Time 1.2077    Loss_Yolo 5.1980e+01
[Iter:1752] LR:9.707418755378939e-05 	    Time 1.2119    Loss_Yolo 4.5882e+01
[Iter:1753] LR:9.707087775408859e-05 	    Time 1.2263    Loss_Yolo 5.1623e+01
[Iter:1754] LR:9.70675661398503e-05 	    Time 1.3082    Loss_Yolo 7.3020e+01
[Iter:1755] LR:9.706425271120223e-05 	    Time 1.1487    Loss_Yolo 2.7948e+01
[Iter:1756] LR:9.70609374682721e-05 	    Time 1.1723    Loss_Yolo 3.2082e+01
[Iter:1757] LR:9.705762041118772e-05 	    Time 1.1759    Loss_Yolo 4.2355e+01
[Iter:1758] LR:9.705430154007699e-05 	    Time 1.3229    Loss_Yolo 7.3542e+01
[Iter:1759] LR:9.705098085506786e-05 	    Time 1.3655    Loss_Yolo 7.3823e+01
[Iter:1760] LR:9.704765835628833e-05 	    Time 1.2429    Loss_Yolo 5.3730e+01
[Iter:1760]     Time 1.2481    Loss_Yolo 5.5664e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.8991e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01760-val_Loss_Yolo_68.9914.pth
[Iter:1761] LR:9.704433404386652e-05 	    Time 13.4315    Loss_Yolo 5.3162e+01
[Iter:1762] LR:9.704100791793056e-05 	    Time 2.4598    Loss_Yolo 6.3917e+01
[Iter:1763] LR:9.703767997860872e-05 	    Time 2.0496    Loss_Yolo 6.4688e+01
[Iter:1764] LR:9.70343502260293e-05 	    Time 1.4673    Loss_Yolo 5.8687e+01
[Iter:1765] LR:9.703101866032064e-05 	    Time 1.2978    Loss_Yolo 6.8081e+01
[Iter:1766] LR:9.70276852816112e-05 	    Time 1.2004    Loss_Yolo 4.1395e+01
[Iter:1767] LR:9.702435009002951e-05 	    Time 1.2910    Loss_Yolo 5.6281e+01
[Iter:1768] LR:9.702101308570412e-05 	    Time 1.2340    Loss_Yolo 4.1664e+01
[Iter:1769] LR:9.701767426876372e-05 	    Time 1.2722    Loss_Yolo 5.5317e+01
[Iter:1770] LR:9.7014333639337e-05 	    Time 1.4435    Loss_Yolo 7.0305e+01
[Iter:1771] LR:9.701099119755275e-05 	    Time 1.2461    Loss_Yolo 4.5815e+01
[Iter:1772] LR:9.700764694353985e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 3.6136e+01
[Iter:1773] LR:9.700430087742723e-05 	    Time 1.3591    Loss_Yolo 7.3186e+01
[Iter:1774] LR:9.700095299934387e-05 	    Time 1.3373    Loss_Yolo 7.4125e+01
[Iter:1775] LR:9.699760330941888e-05 	    Time 1.3373    Loss_Yolo 6.0934e+01
[Iter:1776] LR:9.699425180778137e-05 	    Time 1.3090    Loss_Yolo 6.3744e+01
[Iter:1777] LR:9.699089849456055e-05 	    Time 1.2227    Loss_Yolo 4.6222e+01
[Iter:1778] LR:9.698754336988572e-05 	    Time 1.2677    Loss_Yolo 5.5404e+01
[Iter:1779] LR:9.698418643388622e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 5.1860e+01
[Iter:1780] LR:9.698082768669147e-05 	    Time 1.2599    Loss_Yolo 5.5573e+01
[Iter:1781] LR:9.697746712843096e-05 	    Time 1.4869    Loss_Yolo 6.8469e+01
[Iter:1782] LR:9.697410475923426e-05 	    Time 1.4055    Loss_Yolo 5.0271e+01
[Iter:1783] LR:9.697074057923098e-05 	    Time 1.2019    Loss_Yolo 4.1400e+01
[Iter:1784] LR:9.696737458855085e-05 	    Time 1.2442    Loss_Yolo 5.5774e+01
[Iter:1785] LR:9.69640067873236e-05 	    Time 1.2580    Loss_Yolo 4.3369e+01
[Iter:1786] LR:9.696063717567909e-05 	    Time 1.3422    Loss_Yolo 7.4692e+01
[Iter:1787] LR:9.695726575374724e-05 	    Time 1.3292    Loss_Yolo 6.2401e+01
[Iter:1788] LR:9.695389252165801e-05 	    Time 1.3361    Loss_Yolo 5.8431e+01
[Iter:1789] LR:9.695051747954146e-05 	    Time 1.7052    Loss_Yolo 9.0447e+01
[Iter:1790] LR:9.694714062752771e-05 	    Time 2.5018    Loss_Yolo 5.6354e+01
[Iter:1791] LR:9.694376196574692e-05 	    Time 2.3630    Loss_Yolo 5.1977e+01
[Iter:1792] LR:9.69403814943294e-05 	    Time 2.4045    Loss_Yolo 6.6694e+01
[Iter:1793] LR:9.693699921340544e-05 	    Time 3.7612    Loss_Yolo 6.5264e+01
[Iter:1794] LR:9.693361512310543e-05 	    Time 2.4791    Loss_Yolo 5.4227e+01
[Iter:1795] LR:9.693022922355989e-05 	    Time 2.0423    Loss_Yolo 5.1705e+01
[Iter:1796] LR:9.69268415148993e-05 	    Time 2.1733    Loss_Yolo 7.9525e+01
[Iter:1797] LR:9.692345199725429e-05 	    Time 1.3004    Loss_Yolo 3.7628e+01
[Iter:1798] LR:9.692006067075553e-05 	    Time 1.3879    Loss_Yolo 3.8943e+01
[Iter:1799] LR:9.691666753553377e-05 	    Time 1.2705    Loss_Yolo 4.2901e+01
[Iter:1800] LR:9.691327259171984e-05 	    Time 1.3174    Loss_Yolo 4.6772e+01
[Iter:1800]     Time 1.8825    Loss_Yolo 5.6844e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.7625e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 68.68549189848058 to 67.62509424546185
Save model to ./models/Iter-01800-val_Loss_Yolo_67.6251.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01800-val_Loss_Yolo_67.6251.pth
[Iter:1801] LR:9.69098758394446e-05 	    Time 1.4739    Loss_Yolo 7.9426e+01
[Iter:1802] LR:9.690647727883902e-05 	    Time 1.3660    Loss_Yolo 6.7392e+01
[Iter:1803] LR:9.690307691003412e-05 	    Time 1.3511    Loss_Yolo 6.8433e+01
[Iter:1804] LR:9.689967473316101e-05 	    Time 1.4389    Loss_Yolo 9.0950e+01
[Iter:1805] LR:9.689627074835084e-05 	    Time 1.3169    Loss_Yolo 4.3004e+01
[Iter:1806] LR:9.689286495573484e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 4.6569e+01
[Iter:1807] LR:9.688945735544432e-05 	    Time 1.2469    Loss_Yolo 4.7095e+01
[Iter:1808] LR:9.688604794761065e-05 	    Time 1.2150    Loss_Yolo 4.5302e+01
[Iter:1809] LR:9.688263673236529e-05 	    Time 1.3214    Loss_Yolo 7.7432e+01
[Iter:1810] LR:9.687922370983975e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 6.6356e+01
[Iter:1811] LR:9.687580888016559e-05 	    Time 1.2858    Loss_Yolo 5.5410e+01
[Iter:1812] LR:9.687239224347448e-05 	    Time 1.2661    Loss_Yolo 4.8988e+01
[Iter:1813] LR:9.686897379989815e-05 	    Time 1.2841    Loss_Yolo 5.7901e+01
[Iter:1814] LR:9.686555354956835e-05 	    Time 1.1864    Loss_Yolo 2.9705e+01
[Iter:1815] LR:9.6862131492617e-05 	    Time 1.3285    Loss_Yolo 6.0895e+01
[Iter:1816] LR:9.685870762917599e-05 	    Time 1.3631    Loss_Yolo 7.6543e+01
[Iter:1817] LR:9.685528195937733e-05 	    Time 1.3586    Loss_Yolo 8.3263e+01
[Iter:1818] LR:9.68518544833531e-05 	    Time 1.1740    Loss_Yolo 3.1588e+01
[Iter:1819] LR:9.684842520123543e-05 	    Time 1.2518    Loss_Yolo 3.7019e+01
[Iter:1820] LR:9.684499411315655e-05 	    Time 1.4057    Loss_Yolo 9.0490e+01
[Iter:1821] LR:9.684156121924869e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 5.7159e+01
[Iter:1822] LR:9.683812651964427e-05 	    Time 1.2779    Loss_Yolo 5.2999e+01
[Iter:1823] LR:9.683469001447564e-05 	    Time 1.2874    Loss_Yolo 7.2937e+01
[Iter:1824] LR:9.683125170387533e-05 	    Time 1.3126    Loss_Yolo 6.5546e+01
[Iter:1825] LR:9.682781158797589e-05 	    Time 1.2381    Loss_Yolo 4.8369e+01
[Iter:1826] LR:9.682436966690992e-05 	    Time 1.2303    Loss_Yolo 3.6750e+01
[Iter:1827] LR:9.682092594081016e-05 	    Time 1.3493    Loss_Yolo 7.1773e+01
[Iter:1828] LR:9.681748040980935e-05 	    Time 1.2298    Loss_Yolo 3.9396e+01
[Iter:1829] LR:9.681403307404033e-05 	    Time 1.3770    Loss_Yolo 7.3900e+01
[Iter:1830] LR:9.681058393363603e-05 	    Time 1.2366    Loss_Yolo 4.9582e+01
[Iter:1831] LR:9.680713298872937e-05 	    Time 1.3000    Loss_Yolo 6.2749e+01
[Iter:1832] LR:9.680368023945346e-05 	    Time 1.3419    Loss_Yolo 7.1543e+01
[Iter:1833] LR:9.680022568594135e-05 	    Time 1.3186    Loss_Yolo 6.7368e+01
[Iter:1834] LR:9.679676932832628e-05 	    Time 1.2535    Loss_Yolo 4.3908e+01
[Iter:1835] LR:9.679331116674147e-05 	    Time 1.2210    Loss_Yolo 4.5190e+01
[Iter:1836] LR:9.678985120132026e-05 	    Time 1.3802    Loss_Yolo 6.9387e+01
[Iter:1837] LR:9.678638943219602e-05 	    Time 1.4880    Loss_Yolo 8.6245e+01
[Iter:1838] LR:9.678292585950223e-05 	    Time 1.2419    Loss_Yolo 4.7607e+01
[Iter:1839] LR:9.677946048337242e-05 	    Time 1.3211    Loss_Yolo 4.9246e+01
[Iter:1840] LR:9.677599330394019e-05 	    Time 1.2288    Loss_Yolo 4.5188e+01
[Iter:1840]     Time 1.3023    Loss_Yolo 5.9015e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.7826e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01840-val_Loss_Yolo_67.8263.pth
[Iter:1841] LR:9.677252432133924e-05 	    Time 1.3200    Loss_Yolo 4.7195e+01
[Iter:1842] LR:9.676905353570324e-05 	    Time 1.2568    Loss_Yolo 4.9797e+01
[Iter:1843] LR:9.676558094716605e-05 	    Time 1.1937    Loss_Yolo 3.1688e+01
[Iter:1844] LR:9.676210655586155e-05 	    Time 1.3118    Loss_Yolo 5.4160e+01
[Iter:1845] LR:9.675863036192367e-05 	    Time 1.2397    Loss_Yolo 4.6981e+01
[Iter:1846] LR:9.675515236548644e-05 	    Time 1.3294    Loss_Yolo 5.5659e+01
[Iter:1847] LR:9.675167256668394e-05 	    Time 1.2197    Loss_Yolo 3.6154e+01
[Iter:1848] LR:9.674819096565035e-05 	    Time 1.3690    Loss_Yolo 6.1892e+01
[Iter:1849] LR:9.674470756251984e-05 	    Time 1.4049    Loss_Yolo 7.7958e+01
[Iter:1850] LR:9.674122235742677e-05 	    Time 1.2136    Loss_Yolo 3.6178e+01
[Iter:1851] LR:9.673773535050548e-05 	    Time 1.3537    Loss_Yolo 7.4024e+01
[Iter:1852] LR:9.67342465418904e-05 	    Time 1.1705    Loss_Yolo 4.0726e+01
[Iter:1853] LR:9.673075593171604e-05 	    Time 1.1622    Loss_Yolo 3.4931e+01
[Iter:1854] LR:9.6727263520117e-05 	    Time 1.2992    Loss_Yolo 6.0149e+01
[Iter:1855] LR:9.672376930722785e-05 	    Time 1.2385    Loss_Yolo 5.9580e+01
[Iter:1856] LR:9.672027329318337e-05 	    Time 1.2829    Loss_Yolo 5.7846e+01
[Iter:1857] LR:9.671677547811833e-05 	    Time 1.2879    Loss_Yolo 6.5740e+01
[Iter:1858] LR:9.671327586216756e-05 	    Time 1.1948    Loss_Yolo 4.6070e+01
[Iter:1859] LR:9.670977444546601e-05 	    Time 1.1692    Loss_Yolo 4.2989e+01
[Iter:1860] LR:9.670627122814864e-05 	    Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 4.5549e+01
[Iter:1861] LR:9.670276621035052e-05 	    Time 1.2932    Loss_Yolo 6.1398e+01
[Iter:1862] LR:9.66992593922068e-05 	    Time 1.1845    Loss_Yolo 3.8947e+01
[Iter:1863] LR:9.669575077385267e-05 	    Time 1.3432    Loss_Yolo 7.1643e+01
[Iter:1864] LR:9.669224035542339e-05 	    Time 1.1701    Loss_Yolo 3.2168e+01
[Iter:1865] LR:9.668872813705428e-05 	    Time 1.2702    Loss_Yolo 6.3653e+01
[Iter:1866] LR:9.668521411888079e-05 	    Time 1.3356    Loss_Yolo 6.3718e+01
[Iter:1867] LR:9.668169830103836e-05 	    Time 1.2017    Loss_Yolo 4.6145e+01
[Iter:1868] LR:9.667818068366256e-05 	    Time 1.2389    Loss_Yolo 4.5090e+01
[Iter:1869] LR:9.667466126688899e-05 	    Time 1.1795    Loss_Yolo 3.7782e+01
[Iter:1870] LR:9.667114005085333e-05 	    Time 1.2569    Loss_Yolo 5.0805e+01
[Iter:1871] LR:9.666761703569134e-05 	    Time 1.2794    Loss_Yolo 5.5849e+01
[Iter:1872] LR:9.666409222153886e-05 	    Time 1.2772    Loss_Yolo 6.7947e+01
[Iter:1873] LR:9.666056560853176e-05 	    Time 1.2311    Loss_Yolo 5.3548e+01
[Iter:1874] LR:9.665703719680603e-05 	    Time 1.3189    Loss_Yolo 7.1065e+01
[Iter:1875] LR:9.665350698649766e-05 	    Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 5.5627e+01
[Iter:1876] LR:9.664997497774278e-05 	    Time 1.1870    Loss_Yolo 3.7094e+01
[Iter:1877] LR:9.664644117067755e-05 	    Time 1.1893    Loss_Yolo 3.9950e+01
[Iter:1878] LR:9.664290556543822e-05 	    Time 1.2708    Loss_Yolo 6.2929e+01
[Iter:1879] LR:9.663936816216108e-05 	    Time 1.2208    Loss_Yolo 4.4638e+01
[Iter:1880] LR:9.663582896098253e-05 	    Time 1.2932    Loss_Yolo 7.7888e+01
[Iter:1880]     Time 1.2568    Loss_Yolo 5.2579e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.7791e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-01880-val_Loss_Yolo_67.7905.pth
[Iter:1881] LR:9.6632287962039e-05 	    Time 1.3468    Loss_Yolo 7.8083e+01
[Iter:1882] LR:9.662874516546701e-05 	    Time 1.2660    Loss_Yolo 5.0453e+01
[Iter:1883] LR:9.662520057140316e-05 	    Time 1.2587    Loss_Yolo 5.0085e+01
[Iter:1884] LR:9.662165417998408e-05 	    Time 1.2101    Loss_Yolo 4.8587e+01
[Iter:1885] LR:9.661810599134651e-05 	    Time 1.2544    Loss_Yolo 6.4619e+01
[Iter:1886] LR:9.661455600562725e-05 	    Time 1.2251    Loss_Yolo 3.3719e+01
[Iter:1887] LR:9.661100422296315e-05 	    Time 1.2840    Loss_Yolo 6.3938e+01
[Iter:1888] LR:9.660745064349116e-05 	    Time 1.2008    Loss_Yolo 3.6103e+01
[Iter:1889] LR:9.660389526734826e-05 	    Time 1.4376    Loss_Yolo 9.8934e+01
[Iter:1890] LR:9.660033809467154e-05 	    Time 1.2208    Loss_Yolo 3.5380e+01
[Iter:1891] LR:9.659677912559811e-05 	    Time 1.8131    Loss_Yolo 6.3386e+01
[Iter:1892] LR:9.659321836026521e-05 	    Time 2.7032    Loss_Yolo 8.3767e+01
[Iter:1893] LR:9.658965579881012e-05 	    Time 2.6430    Loss_Yolo 8.3888e+01
[Iter:1894] LR:9.658609144137017e-05 	    Time 1.6635    Loss_Yolo 5.6732e+01
[Iter:1895] LR:9.658252528808278e-05 	    Time 1.8233    Loss_Yolo 3.3552e+01
[Iter:1896] LR:9.657895733908544e-05 	    Time 2.0466    Loss_Yolo 1.1076e+02
[Iter:1897] LR:9.657538759451572e-05 	    Time 2.2303    Loss_Yolo 7.6582e+01
[Iter:1898] LR:9.657181605451122e-05 	    Time 2.0016    Loss_Yolo 5.3587e+01
[Iter:1899] LR:9.656824271920965e-05 	    Time 1.5905    Loss_Yolo 4.5833e+01
[Iter:1900] LR:9.656466758874876e-05 	    Time 1.2239    Loss_Yolo 4.2231e+01
[Iter:1901] LR:9.656109066326638e-05 	    Time 1.2755    Loss_Yolo 5.1810e+01
[Iter:1902] LR:9.655751194290044e-05 	    Time 1.2329    Loss_Yolo 3.4830e+01
[Iter:1903] LR:9.65539314277889e-05 	    Time 1.3256    Loss_Yolo 7.3184e+01
[Iter:1904] LR:9.655034911806978e-05 	    Time 1.2580    Loss_Yolo 6.2228e+01
[Iter:1905] LR:9.65467650138812e-05 	    Time 1.2347    Loss_Yolo 5.4517e+01
[Iter:1906] LR:9.654317911536135e-05 	    Time 1.2300    Loss_Yolo 4.1476e+01
[Iter:1907] LR:9.653959142264848e-05 	    Time 1.3066    Loss_Yolo 4.9675e+01
[Iter:1908] LR:9.653600193588088e-05 	    Time 1.2640    Loss_Yolo 4.2321e+01
[Iter:1909] LR:9.653241065519696e-05 	    Time 1.1888    Loss_Yolo 4.1594e+01
[Iter:1910] LR:9.652881758073515e-05 	    Time 1.3749    Loss_Yolo 6.2104e+01
[Iter:1911] LR:9.652522271263401e-05 	    Time 1.3470    Loss_Yolo 6.5932e+01
[Iter:1912] LR:9.65216260510321e-05 	    Time 1.3730    Loss_Yolo 8.2844e+01
[Iter:1913] LR:9.65180275960681e-05 	    Time 1.2638    Loss_Yolo 5.3265e+01
[Iter:1914] LR:9.651442734788076e-05 	    Time 1.1585    Loss_Yolo 1.7737e+01
[Iter:1915] LR:9.651082530660884e-05 	    Time 1.3004    Loss_Yolo 7.3536e+01
[Iter:1916] LR:9.650722147239122e-05 	    Time 1.2427    Loss_Yolo 4.5140e+01
[Iter:1917] LR:9.650361584536687e-05 	    Time 1.3274    Loss_Yolo 6.3237e+01
[Iter:1918] LR:9.650000842567476e-05 	    Time 1.3004    Loss_Yolo 5.4196e+01
[Iter:1919] LR:9.649639921345401e-05 	    Time 1.3040    Loss_Yolo 5.7886e+01
[Iter:1920] LR:9.649278820884372e-05 	    Time 1.2514    Loss_Yolo 5.7371e+01
[Iter:1920]     Time 1.4501    Loss_Yolo 5.7378e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.7423e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 67.62509424546185 to 67.4228645773495
Save model to ./models/Iter-01920-val_Loss_Yolo_67.4229.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01920-val_Loss_Yolo_67.4229.pth
[Iter:1921] LR:9.648917541198313e-05 	    Time 14.0836    Loss_Yolo 3.1715e+01
[Iter:1922] LR:9.648556082301153e-05 	    Time 3.0288    Loss_Yolo 6.6870e+01
[Iter:1923] LR:9.648194444206825e-05 	    Time 1.4550    Loss_Yolo 8.7829e+01
[Iter:1924] LR:9.647832626929275e-05 	    Time 1.3292    Loss_Yolo 6.8137e+01
[Iter:1925] LR:9.64747063048245e-05 	    Time 1.3193    Loss_Yolo 6.1707e+01
[Iter:1926] LR:9.647108454880304e-05 	    Time 1.3864    Loss_Yolo 7.1366e+01
[Iter:1927] LR:9.646746100136802e-05 	    Time 1.3187    Loss_Yolo 5.7748e+01
[Iter:1928] LR:9.646383566265915e-05 	    Time 1.1147    Loss_Yolo 2.4823e+01
[Iter:1929] LR:9.64602085328162e-05 	    Time 1.5324    Loss_Yolo 9.1518e+01
[Iter:1930] LR:9.645657961197896e-05 	    Time 1.2874    Loss_Yolo 5.4379e+01
[Iter:1931] LR:9.645294890028741e-05 	    Time 1.3647    Loss_Yolo 8.2128e+01
[Iter:1932] LR:9.644931639788147e-05 	    Time 1.3171    Loss_Yolo 6.8974e+01
[Iter:1933] LR:9.64456821049012e-05 	    Time 1.2685    Loss_Yolo 4.1386e+01
[Iter:1934] LR:9.644204602148672e-05 	    Time 1.2204    Loss_Yolo 4.3031e+01
[Iter:1935] LR:9.64384081477782e-05 	    Time 1.2146    Loss_Yolo 4.5152e+01
[Iter:1936] LR:9.643476848391591e-05 	    Time 1.2047    Loss_Yolo 4.1274e+01
[Iter:1937] LR:9.643112703004017e-05 	    Time 1.2718    Loss_Yolo 5.1337e+01
[Iter:1938] LR:9.642748378629135e-05 	    Time 1.3496    Loss_Yolo 6.9617e+01
[Iter:1939] LR:9.642383875280989e-05 	    Time 1.1985    Loss_Yolo 3.0985e+01
[Iter:1940] LR:9.642019192973639e-05 	    Time 1.2493    Loss_Yolo 5.0801e+01
[Iter:1941] LR:9.641654331721138e-05 	    Time 1.2761    Loss_Yolo 5.4018e+01
[Iter:1942] LR:9.641289291537553e-05 	    Time 1.3649    Loss_Yolo 8.5277e+01
[Iter:1943] LR:9.640924072436961e-05 	    Time 1.2489    Loss_Yolo 6.4063e+01
[Iter:1944] LR:9.64055867443344e-05 	    Time 1.3751    Loss_Yolo 7.8991e+01
[Iter:1945] LR:9.640193097541079e-05 	    Time 1.3073    Loss_Yolo 5.3943e+01
[Iter:1946] LR:9.63982734177397e-05 	    Time 1.2981    Loss_Yolo 5.7416e+01
[Iter:1947] LR:9.639461407146214e-05 	    Time 1.3489    Loss_Yolo 7.1603e+01
[Iter:1948] LR:9.63909529367192e-05 	    Time 1.2716    Loss_Yolo 5.1051e+01
[Iter:1949] LR:9.638729001365203e-05 	    Time 1.2595    Loss_Yolo 4.9567e+01
[Iter:1950] LR:9.638362530240185e-05 	    Time 1.2601    Loss_Yolo 4.2344e+01
[Iter:1951] LR:9.637995880310993e-05 	    Time 1.2798    Loss_Yolo 5.7317e+01
[Iter:1952] LR:9.637629051591764e-05 	    Time 1.2214    Loss_Yolo 4.3886e+01
[Iter:1953] LR:9.637262044096639e-05 	    Time 1.2102    Loss_Yolo 3.5273e+01
[Iter:1954] LR:9.636894857839768e-05 	    Time 1.2529    Loss_Yolo 4.9389e+01
[Iter:1955] LR:9.63652749283531e-05 	    Time 1.2022    Loss_Yolo 4.7545e+01
[Iter:1956] LR:9.636159949097425e-05 	    Time 1.2113    Loss_Yolo 2.9787e+01
[Iter:1957] LR:9.635792226640281e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 5.5644e+01
[Iter:1958] LR:9.635424325478058e-05 	    Time 1.2601    Loss_Yolo 5.7231e+01
[Iter:1959] LR:9.63505624562494e-05 	    Time 1.2979    Loss_Yolo 6.6185e+01
[Iter:1960] LR:9.634687987095115e-05 	    Time 1.2962    Loss_Yolo 6.7136e+01
[Iter:1960]     Time 1.6508    Loss_Yolo 5.6461e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.7185e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 67.4228645773495 to 67.1854710298426
Save model to ./models/Iter-01960-val_Loss_Yolo_67.1855.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-01960-val_Loss_Yolo_67.1855.pth
[Iter:1961] LR:9.634319549902784e-05 	    Time 1.2872    Loss_Yolo 5.1980e+01
[Iter:1962] LR:9.63395093406215e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 4.5951e+01
[Iter:1963] LR:9.633582139587422e-05 	    Time 1.3032    Loss_Yolo 5.9483e+01
[Iter:1964] LR:9.633213166492821e-05 	    Time 1.2826    Loss_Yolo 5.8479e+01
[Iter:1965] LR:9.63284401479257e-05 	    Time 1.3383    Loss_Yolo 6.1514e+01
[Iter:1966] LR:9.632474684500905e-05 	    Time 1.2854    Loss_Yolo 5.3071e+01
[Iter:1967] LR:9.632105175632059e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 4.9028e+01
[Iter:1968] LR:9.631735488200282e-05 	    Time 1.4658    Loss_Yolo 8.2440e+01
[Iter:1969] LR:9.631365622219824e-05 	    Time 1.2738    Loss_Yolo 5.1740e+01
[Iter:1970] LR:9.630995577704947e-05 	    Time 1.2272    Loss_Yolo 4.6234e+01
[Iter:1971] LR:9.630625354669916e-05 	    Time 1.3839    Loss_Yolo 8.3233e+01
[Iter:1972] LR:9.630254953129003e-05 	    Time 1.3867    Loss_Yolo 7.2570e+01
[Iter:1973] LR:9.629884373096493e-05 	    Time 1.2470    Loss_Yolo 4.0418e+01
[Iter:1974] LR:9.629513614586665e-05 	    Time 1.2206    Loss_Yolo 4.2701e+01
[Iter:1975] LR:9.629142677613821e-05 	    Time 1.2134    Loss_Yolo 4.4526e+01
[Iter:1976] LR:9.628771562192257e-05 	    Time 1.2490    Loss_Yolo 4.8269e+01
[Iter:1977] LR:9.628400268336282e-05 	    Time 1.3004    Loss_Yolo 6.1809e+01
[Iter:1978] LR:9.628028796060209e-05 	    Time 1.2216    Loss_Yolo 4.1047e+01
[Iter:1979] LR:9.627657145378364e-05 	    Time 1.3352    Loss_Yolo 5.6510e+01
[Iter:1980] LR:9.627285316305071e-05 	    Time 1.3202    Loss_Yolo 7.0210e+01
[Iter:1981] LR:9.626913308854665e-05 	    Time 1.3367    Loss_Yolo 7.1323e+01
[Iter:1982] LR:9.626541123041492e-05 	    Time 1.2694    Loss_Yolo 5.2205e+01
[Iter:1983] LR:9.626168758879896e-05 	    Time 1.5072    Loss_Yolo 7.1382e+01
[Iter:1984] LR:9.625796216384236e-05 	    Time 1.3692    Loss_Yolo 5.2551e+01
[Iter:1985] LR:9.625423495568872e-05 	    Time 1.4549    Loss_Yolo 9.3283e+01
[Iter:1986] LR:9.625050596448179e-05 	    Time 1.3020    Loss_Yolo 5.5269e+01
[Iter:1987] LR:9.624677519036528e-05 	    Time 1.3192    Loss_Yolo 6.0890e+01
[Iter:1988] LR:9.624304263348303e-05 	    Time 1.1704    Loss_Yolo 2.7197e+01
[Iter:1989] LR:9.623930829397898e-05 	    Time 1.2961    Loss_Yolo 6.1312e+01
[Iter:1990] LR:9.623557217199705e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 5.6037e+01
[Iter:1991] LR:9.623183426768133e-05 	    Time 1.2858    Loss_Yolo 5.8819e+01
[Iter:1992] LR:9.622809458117587e-05 	    Time 1.6133    Loss_Yolo 3.4832e+01
[Iter:1993] LR:9.622435311262491e-05 	    Time 1.8598    Loss_Yolo 3.7626e+01
[Iter:1994] LR:9.622060986217264e-05 	    Time 2.3370    Loss_Yolo 3.8938e+01
[Iter:1995] LR:9.62168648299634e-05 	    Time 2.9066    Loss_Yolo 9.2553e+01
[Iter:1996] LR:9.621311801614157e-05 	    Time 3.0225    Loss_Yolo 6.9972e+01
[Iter:1997] LR:9.62093694208516e-05 	    Time 2.2716    Loss_Yolo 6.9325e+01
[Iter:1998] LR:9.620561904423802e-05 	    Time 1.4102    Loss_Yolo 3.0442e+01
[Iter:1999] LR:9.620186688644541e-05 	    Time 1.8363    Loss_Yolo 5.7497e+01
[Iter:2000] LR:9.619811294761842e-05 	    Time 1.7784    Loss_Yolo 5.2411e+01
[Iter:2000]     Time 1.4872    Loss_Yolo 5.6627e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.7325e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02000-val_Loss_Yolo_67.3250.pth
[Iter:2001] LR:9.619435722790178e-05 	    Time 1.4604    Loss_Yolo 7.6642e+01
[Iter:2002] LR:9.619059972744032e-05 	    Time 1.3215    Loss_Yolo 6.2359e+01
[Iter:2003] LR:9.618684044637884e-05 	    Time 1.4012    Loss_Yolo 6.3699e+01
[Iter:2004] LR:9.618307938486231e-05 	    Time 1.3977    Loss_Yolo 4.6076e+01
[Iter:2005] LR:9.617931654303572e-05 	    Time 1.4043    Loss_Yolo 7.5674e+01
[Iter:2006] LR:9.617555192104415e-05 	    Time 1.2845    Loss_Yolo 4.6470e+01
[Iter:2007] LR:9.617178551903274e-05 	    Time 1.2963    Loss_Yolo 5.2316e+01
[Iter:2008] LR:9.616801733714668e-05 	    Time 1.2083    Loss_Yolo 3.3947e+01
[Iter:2009] LR:9.616424737553126e-05 	    Time 1.3165    Loss_Yolo 6.5670e+01
[Iter:2010] LR:9.616047563433182e-05 	    Time 1.3180    Loss_Yolo 6.1202e+01
[Iter:2011] LR:9.615670211369377e-05 	    Time 1.2740    Loss_Yolo 4.5178e+01
[Iter:2012] LR:9.615292681376257e-05 	    Time 1.2866    Loss_Yolo 6.7177e+01
[Iter:2013] LR:9.614914973468383e-05 	    Time 1.2397    Loss_Yolo 4.0244e+01
[Iter:2014] LR:9.614537087660312e-05 	    Time 1.3243    Loss_Yolo 5.7138e+01
[Iter:2015] LR:9.614159023966612e-05 	    Time 1.2858    Loss_Yolo 4.1226e+01
[Iter:2016] LR:9.613780782401861e-05 	    Time 1.3390    Loss_Yolo 6.6776e+01
[Iter:2017] LR:9.61340236298064e-05 	    Time 1.2905    Loss_Yolo 5.9005e+01
[Iter:2018] LR:9.61302376571754e-05 	    Time 1.2556    Loss_Yolo 5.9182e+01
[Iter:2019] LR:9.612644990627155e-05 	    Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 5.4548e+01
[Iter:2020] LR:9.612266037724087e-05 	    Time 1.2482    Loss_Yolo 5.0555e+01
[Iter:2021] LR:9.611886907022951e-05 	    Time 1.2049    Loss_Yolo 4.7550e+01
[Iter:2022] LR:9.61150759853836e-05 	    Time 1.2506    Loss_Yolo 5.1578e+01
[Iter:2023] LR:9.611128112284937e-05 	    Time 1.2539    Loss_Yolo 5.4385e+01
[Iter:2024] LR:9.610748448277315e-05 	    Time 1.1792    Loss_Yolo 3.5676e+01
[Iter:2025] LR:9.610368606530127e-05 	    Time 1.2457    Loss_Yolo 4.6222e+01
[Iter:2026] LR:9.609988587058022e-05 	    Time 1.1701    Loss_Yolo 3.5476e+01
[Iter:2027] LR:9.609608389875647e-05 	    Time 1.2306    Loss_Yolo 4.1119e+01
[Iter:2028] LR:9.609228014997662e-05 	    Time 1.2282    Loss_Yolo 4.7371e+01
[Iter:2029] LR:9.608847462438732e-05 	    Time 1.0980    Loss_Yolo 1.9978e+01
[Iter:2030] LR:9.608466732213526e-05 	    Time 1.2790    Loss_Yolo 5.8565e+01
[Iter:2031] LR:9.608085824336725e-05 	    Time 1.2622    Loss_Yolo 5.3565e+01
[Iter:2032] LR:9.607704738823014e-05 	    Time 1.2676    Loss_Yolo 4.5727e+01
[Iter:2033] LR:9.607323475687082e-05 	    Time 1.2339    Loss_Yolo 5.7767e+01
[Iter:2034] LR:9.606942034943631e-05 	    Time 1.3153    Loss_Yolo 7.3390e+01
[Iter:2035] LR:9.606560416607367e-05 	    Time 1.1422    Loss_Yolo 2.7881e+01
[Iter:2036] LR:9.606178620692999e-05 	    Time 1.2272    Loss_Yolo 5.1059e+01
[Iter:2037] LR:9.60579664721525e-05 	    Time 1.2784    Loss_Yolo 6.1492e+01
[Iter:2038] LR:9.605414496188845e-05 	    Time 1.3048    Loss_Yolo 6.2671e+01
[Iter:2039] LR:9.605032167628518e-05 	    Time 1.2839    Loss_Yolo 6.3022e+01
[Iter:2040] LR:9.604649661549007e-05 	    Time 1.2333    Loss_Yolo 4.6821e+01
[Iter:2040]     Time 1.2723    Loss_Yolo 5.2660e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.6562e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 67.1854710298426 to 66.56249371696921
Save model to ./models/Iter-02040-val_Loss_Yolo_66.5625.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02040-val_Loss_Yolo_66.5625.pth
[Iter:2041] LR:9.604266977965062e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 6.1353e+01
[Iter:2042] LR:9.603884116891433e-05 	    Time 1.2209    Loss_Yolo 4.9480e+01
[Iter:2043] LR:9.603501078342882e-05 	    Time 1.1925    Loss_Yolo 4.5194e+01
[Iter:2044] LR:9.603117862334176e-05 	    Time 1.3348    Loss_Yolo 6.1309e+01
[Iter:2045] LR:9.602734468880092e-05 	    Time 1.1980    Loss_Yolo 4.5705e+01
[Iter:2046] LR:9.602350897995406e-05 	    Time 1.1916    Loss_Yolo 3.7728e+01
[Iter:2047] LR:9.60196714969491e-05 	    Time 1.3423    Loss_Yolo 9.0350e+01
[Iter:2048] LR:9.601583223993397e-05 	    Time 1.1391    Loss_Yolo 3.0012e+01
[Iter:2049] LR:9.60119912090567e-05 	    Time 1.2271    Loss_Yolo 4.3233e+01
[Iter:2050] LR:9.600814840446535e-05 	    Time 1.2426    Loss_Yolo 5.6996e+01
[Iter:2051] LR:9.600430382630808e-05 	    Time 1.2666    Loss_Yolo 5.9105e+01
[Iter:2052] LR:9.600045747473312e-05 	    Time 1.2536    Loss_Yolo 6.1344e+01
[Iter:2053] LR:9.599660934988875e-05 	    Time 1.1867    Loss_Yolo 3.3784e+01
[Iter:2054] LR:9.599275945192333e-05 	    Time 1.1453    Loss_Yolo 3.0230e+01
[Iter:2055] LR:9.598890778098529e-05 	    Time 1.4191    Loss_Yolo 9.9478e+01
[Iter:2056] LR:9.598505433722313e-05 	    Time 1.3115    Loss_Yolo 7.1470e+01
[Iter:2057] LR:9.598119912078539e-05 	    Time 1.2706    Loss_Yolo 6.4163e+01
[Iter:2058] LR:9.597734213182071e-05 	    Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 5.3902e+01
[Iter:2059] LR:9.59734833704778e-05 	    Time 1.1747    Loss_Yolo 3.2944e+01
[Iter:2060] LR:9.596962283690543e-05 	    Time 1.2654    Loss_Yolo 5.8456e+01
[Iter:2061] LR:9.59657605312524e-05 	    Time 1.3162    Loss_Yolo 6.3823e+01
[Iter:2062] LR:9.596189645366766e-05 	    Time 1.3248    Loss_Yolo 8.0441e+01
[Iter:2063] LR:9.595803060430016e-05 	    Time 1.2727    Loss_Yolo 7.2705e+01
[Iter:2064] LR:9.595416298329893e-05 	    Time 1.1600    Loss_Yolo 2.6561e+01
[Iter:2065] LR:9.595029359081309e-05 	    Time 1.2734    Loss_Yolo 6.7265e+01
[Iter:2066] LR:9.594642242699184e-05 	    Time 1.2280    Loss_Yolo 5.1602e+01
[Iter:2067] LR:9.59425494919844e-05 	    Time 1.2030    Loss_Yolo 4.1925e+01
[Iter:2068] LR:9.593867478594009e-05 	    Time 1.2005    Loss_Yolo 4.4059e+01
[Iter:2069] LR:9.593479830900827e-05 	    Time 1.3633    Loss_Yolo 8.2738e+01
[Iter:2070] LR:9.593092006133842e-05 	    Time 1.3674    Loss_Yolo 8.7555e+01
[Iter:2071] LR:9.592704004308006e-05 	    Time 1.1721    Loss_Yolo 3.1708e+01
[Iter:2072] LR:9.592315825438275e-05 	    Time 1.2383    Loss_Yolo 5.9085e+01
[Iter:2073] LR:9.591927469539618e-05 	    Time 1.3521    Loss_Yolo 9.3538e+01
[Iter:2074] LR:9.591538936627005e-05 	    Time 1.3290    Loss_Yolo 7.4311e+01
[Iter:2075] LR:9.591150226715413e-05 	    Time 1.2165    Loss_Yolo 5.0546e+01
[Iter:2076] LR:9.590761339819834e-05 	    Time 1.2095    Loss_Yolo 4.2277e+01
[Iter:2077] LR:9.590372275955256e-05 	    Time 1.2064    Loss_Yolo 4.4401e+01
[Iter:2078] LR:9.58998303513668e-05 	    Time 1.1905    Loss_Yolo 3.6138e+01
[Iter:2079] LR:9.589593617379113e-05 	    Time 1.1649    Loss_Yolo 3.5451e+01
[Iter:2080] LR:9.589204022697568e-05 	    Time 1.2744    Loss_Yolo 5.7524e+01
[Iter:2080]     Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 5.5747e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.6788e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02080-val_Loss_Yolo_66.7880.pth
[Iter:2081] LR:9.588814251107064e-05 	    Time 14.2330    Loss_Yolo 5.7513e+01
[Iter:2082] LR:9.588424302622629e-05 	    Time 1.9952    Loss_Yolo 3.4888e+01
[Iter:2083] LR:9.588034177259297e-05 	    Time 1.8903    Loss_Yolo 5.4791e+01
[Iter:2084] LR:9.587643875032108e-05 	    Time 1.6687    Loss_Yolo 6.5450e+01
[Iter:2085] LR:9.58725339595611e-05 	    Time 1.2480    Loss_Yolo 3.4618e+01
[Iter:2086] LR:9.586862740046356e-05 	    Time 1.2590    Loss_Yolo 4.2571e+01
[Iter:2087] LR:9.586471907317907e-05 	    Time 1.2071    Loss_Yolo 3.7310e+01
[Iter:2088] LR:9.586080897785834e-05 	    Time 1.3095    Loss_Yolo 5.8048e+01
[Iter:2089] LR:9.585689711465207e-05 	    Time 1.2681    Loss_Yolo 4.8811e+01
[Iter:2090] LR:9.585298348371111e-05 	    Time 1.2166    Loss_Yolo 3.4717e+01
[Iter:2091] LR:9.58490680851863e-05 	    Time 1.7451    Loss_Yolo 6.2609e+01
[Iter:2092] LR:9.584515091922865e-05 	    Time 1.8198    Loss_Yolo 3.4628e+01
[Iter:2093] LR:9.584123198598914e-05 	    Time 1.9325    Loss_Yolo 3.8566e+01
[Iter:2094] LR:9.583731128561887e-05 	    Time 2.5063    Loss_Yolo 5.7306e+01
[Iter:2095] LR:9.583338881826899e-05 	    Time 2.4255    Loss_Yolo 7.0245e+01
[Iter:2096] LR:9.582946458409073e-05 	    Time 1.8972    Loss_Yolo 4.1404e+01
[Iter:2097] LR:9.582553858323535e-05 	    Time 1.6987    Loss_Yolo 4.7313e+01
[Iter:2098] LR:9.582161081585428e-05 	    Time 2.4378    Loss_Yolo 7.8890e+01
[Iter:2099] LR:9.581768128209887e-05 	    Time 2.1936    Loss_Yolo 9.6037e+01
[Iter:2100] LR:9.581374998212068e-05 	    Time 1.4536    Loss_Yolo 5.4196e+01
[Iter:2101] LR:9.580981691607122e-05 	    Time 1.5510    Loss_Yolo 6.0764e+01
[Iter:2102] LR:9.580588208410215e-05 	    Time 1.3334    Loss_Yolo 6.6745e+01
[Iter:2103] LR:9.580194548636516e-05 	    Time 1.3153    Loss_Yolo 5.9921e+01
[Iter:2104] LR:9.579800712301204e-05 	    Time 1.3231    Loss_Yolo 5.9325e+01
[Iter:2105] LR:9.57940669941946e-05 	    Time 1.1868    Loss_Yolo 3.2232e+01
[Iter:2106] LR:9.579012510006476e-05 	    Time 1.2981    Loss_Yolo 3.0762e+01
[Iter:2107] LR:9.578618144077448e-05 	    Time 1.2258    Loss_Yolo 3.4374e+01
[Iter:2108] LR:9.578223601647581e-05 	    Time 1.3642    Loss_Yolo 6.7787e+01
[Iter:2109] LR:9.577828882732087e-05 	    Time 1.2033    Loss_Yolo 3.8570e+01
[Iter:2110] LR:9.577433987346181e-05 	    Time 1.3574    Loss_Yolo 5.2349e+01
[Iter:2111] LR:9.577038915505088e-05 	    Time 1.2835    Loss_Yolo 5.0221e+01
[Iter:2112] LR:9.576643667224042e-05 	    Time 1.2116    Loss_Yolo 3.0487e+01
[Iter:2113] LR:9.576248242518278e-05 	    Time 1.4483    Loss_Yolo 8.2673e+01
[Iter:2114] LR:9.575852641403042e-05 	    Time 1.3727    Loss_Yolo 5.0242e+01
[Iter:2115] LR:9.575456863893586e-05 	    Time 1.3327    Loss_Yolo 5.6195e+01
[Iter:2116] LR:9.575060910005167e-05 	    Time 1.3235    Loss_Yolo 4.8543e+01
[Iter:2117] LR:9.574664779753053e-05 	    Time 1.4126    Loss_Yolo 5.4556e+01
[Iter:2118] LR:9.574268473152512e-05 	    Time 1.4975    Loss_Yolo 6.6370e+01
[Iter:2119] LR:9.573871990218826e-05 	    Time 1.2055    Loss_Yolo 3.6836e+01
[Iter:2120] LR:9.573475330967282e-05 	    Time 1.2682    Loss_Yolo 5.3751e+01
[Iter:2120]     Time 1.8480    Loss_Yolo 5.2065e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.6538e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 66.56249371696921 to 66.53845528995289
Save model to ./models/Iter-02120-val_Loss_Yolo_66.5385.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02120-val_Loss_Yolo_66.5385.pth
[Iter:2121] LR:9.573078495413169e-05 	    Time 1.2555    Loss_Yolo 4.0347e+01
[Iter:2122] LR:9.572681483571787e-05 	    Time 1.1974    Loss_Yolo 3.1787e+01
[Iter:2123] LR:9.572284295458445e-05 	    Time 1.3011    Loss_Yolo 6.0214e+01
[Iter:2124] LR:9.571886931088452e-05 	    Time 1.2340    Loss_Yolo 3.8236e+01
[Iter:2125] LR:9.571489390477129e-05 	    Time 1.3082    Loss_Yolo 6.5629e+01
[Iter:2126] LR:9.571091673639802e-05 	    Time 1.4518    Loss_Yolo 9.1034e+01
[Iter:2127] LR:9.570693780591805e-05 	    Time 1.4081    Loss_Yolo 7.7900e+01
[Iter:2128] LR:9.570295711348478e-05 	    Time 1.2646    Loss_Yolo 4.4534e+01
[Iter:2129] LR:9.56989746592517e-05 	    Time 1.3269    Loss_Yolo 5.8219e+01
[Iter:2130] LR:9.56949904433723e-05 	    Time 1.3832    Loss_Yolo 7.7238e+01
[Iter:2131] LR:9.569100446600022e-05 	    Time 1.2562    Loss_Yolo 4.8993e+01
[Iter:2132] LR:9.56870167272891e-05 	    Time 1.2900    Loss_Yolo 5.8222e+01
[Iter:2133] LR:9.568302722739272e-05 	    Time 1.3400    Loss_Yolo 7.1202e+01
[Iter:2134] LR:9.567903596646486e-05 	    Time 1.1817    Loss_Yolo 3.0226e+01
[Iter:2135] LR:9.567504294465939e-05 	    Time 1.1760    Loss_Yolo 3.1079e+01
[Iter:2136] LR:9.567104816213029e-05 	    Time 1.2654    Loss_Yolo 5.0088e+01
[Iter:2137] LR:9.566705161903152e-05 	    Time 1.3299    Loss_Yolo 6.9469e+01
[Iter:2138] LR:9.566305331551721e-05 	    Time 1.4119    Loss_Yolo 8.5250e+01
[Iter:2139] LR:9.565905325174148e-05 	    Time 1.3021    Loss_Yolo 6.4822e+01
[Iter:2140] LR:9.565505142785855e-05 	    Time 1.1586    Loss_Yolo 3.2379e+01
[Iter:2141] LR:9.565104784402269e-05 	    Time 1.2488    Loss_Yolo 4.8505e+01
[Iter:2142] LR:9.564704250038827e-05 	    Time 1.2733    Loss_Yolo 5.7769e+01
[Iter:2143] LR:9.56430353971097e-05 	    Time 1.2249    Loss_Yolo 3.8284e+01
[Iter:2144] LR:9.563902653434148e-05 	    Time 1.2163    Loss_Yolo 4.0082e+01
[Iter:2145] LR:9.563501591223814e-05 	    Time 1.2244    Loss_Yolo 4.3583e+01
[Iter:2146] LR:9.56310035309543e-05 	    Time 1.2835    Loss_Yolo 5.1297e+01
[Iter:2147] LR:9.562698939064468e-05 	    Time 1.3299    Loss_Yolo 6.6612e+01
[Iter:2148] LR:9.562297349146402e-05 	    Time 1.2767    Loss_Yolo 5.6913e+01
[Iter:2149] LR:9.561895583356714e-05 	    Time 1.4667    Loss_Yolo 8.0781e+01
[Iter:2150] LR:9.561493641710896e-05 	    Time 1.2350    Loss_Yolo 4.6830e+01
[Iter:2151] LR:9.56109152422444e-05 	    Time 1.2372    Loss_Yolo 3.9308e+01
[Iter:2152] LR:9.560689230912852e-05 	    Time 1.2482    Loss_Yolo 4.9210e+01
[Iter:2153] LR:9.56028676179164e-05 	    Time 1.2910    Loss_Yolo 4.9865e+01
[Iter:2154] LR:9.559884116876323e-05 	    Time 1.3254    Loss_Yolo 5.7758e+01
[Iter:2155] LR:9.559481296182421e-05 	    Time 1.2177    Loss_Yolo 3.8161e+01
[Iter:2156] LR:9.559078299725465e-05 	    Time 1.3158    Loss_Yolo 6.9132e+01
[Iter:2157] LR:9.558675127520992e-05 	    Time 1.2531    Loss_Yolo 4.7194e+01
[Iter:2158] LR:9.558271779584547e-05 	    Time 1.2563    Loss_Yolo 5.7256e+01
[Iter:2159] LR:9.557868255931679e-05 	    Time 1.2167    Loss_Yolo 5.3279e+01
[Iter:2160] LR:9.557464556577945e-05 	    Time 1.3283    Loss_Yolo 7.1877e+01
[Iter:2160]     Time 1.2828    Loss_Yolo 5.4764e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.6332e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 66.53845528995289 to 66.3324748768526
Save model to ./models/Iter-02160-val_Loss_Yolo_66.3325.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02160-val_Loss_Yolo_66.3325.pth
[Iter:2161] LR:9.557060681538908e-05 	    Time 1.2307    Loss_Yolo 3.9688e+01
[Iter:2162] LR:9.556656630830143e-05 	    Time 1.2352    Loss_Yolo 4.4134e+01
[Iter:2163] LR:9.55625240446722e-05 	    Time 1.4525    Loss_Yolo 9.2960e+01
[Iter:2164] LR:9.55584800246573e-05 	    Time 1.1774    Loss_Yolo 2.3731e+01
[Iter:2165] LR:9.55544342484126e-05 	    Time 1.1649    Loss_Yolo 3.0722e+01
[Iter:2166] LR:9.55503867160941e-05 	    Time 1.2391    Loss_Yolo 3.8375e+01
[Iter:2167] LR:9.554633742785781e-05 	    Time 1.2225    Loss_Yolo 5.4086e+01
[Iter:2168] LR:9.554228638385989e-05 	    Time 1.2329    Loss_Yolo 4.9860e+01
[Iter:2169] LR:9.553823358425649e-05 	    Time 1.3294    Loss_Yolo 6.2205e+01
[Iter:2170] LR:9.553417902920388e-05 	    Time 1.2712    Loss_Yolo 5.1265e+01
[Iter:2171] LR:9.553012271885835e-05 	    Time 1.2412    Loss_Yolo 3.5000e+01
[Iter:2172] LR:9.552606465337631e-05 	    Time 1.4610    Loss_Yolo 7.4993e+01
[Iter:2173] LR:9.552200483291419e-05 	    Time 1.3303    Loss_Yolo 6.9650e+01
[Iter:2174] LR:9.551794325762851e-05 	    Time 1.2085    Loss_Yolo 4.8235e+01
[Iter:2175] LR:9.551387992767587e-05 	    Time 1.2203    Loss_Yolo 3.5680e+01
[Iter:2176] LR:9.55098148432129e-05 	    Time 1.2664    Loss_Yolo 4.4771e+01
[Iter:2177] LR:9.550574800439637e-05 	    Time 1.3847    Loss_Yolo 8.9026e+01
[Iter:2178] LR:9.550167941138301e-05 	    Time 1.2299    Loss_Yolo 4.7004e+01
[Iter:2179] LR:9.549760906432972e-05 	    Time 1.1648    Loss_Yolo 3.1402e+01
[Iter:2180] LR:9.54935369633934e-05 	    Time 1.2505    Loss_Yolo 4.8250e+01
[Iter:2181] LR:9.548946310873106e-05 	    Time 1.3215    Loss_Yolo 6.5093e+01
[Iter:2182] LR:9.548538750049974e-05 	    Time 1.3840    Loss_Yolo 7.6636e+01
[Iter:2183] LR:9.54813101388566e-05 	    Time 1.2229    Loss_Yolo 4.7945e+01
[Iter:2184] LR:9.54772310239588e-05 	    Time 1.2856    Loss_Yolo 5.8336e+01
[Iter:2185] LR:9.547315015596362e-05 	    Time 1.3880    Loss_Yolo 6.4936e+01
[Iter:2186] LR:9.54690675350284e-05 	    Time 1.2368    Loss_Yolo 5.3122e+01
[Iter:2187] LR:9.54649831613105e-05 	    Time 1.2417    Loss_Yolo 5.3937e+01
[Iter:2188] LR:9.546089703496742e-05 	    Time 1.2258    Loss_Yolo 4.9584e+01
[Iter:2189] LR:9.54568091561567e-05 	    Time 1.2472    Loss_Yolo 5.2212e+01
[Iter:2190] LR:9.54527195250359e-05 	    Time 1.2045    Loss_Yolo 3.2835e+01
[Iter:2191] LR:9.544862814176272e-05 	    Time 1.3821    Loss_Yolo 6.0375e+01
[Iter:2192] LR:9.54445350064949e-05 	    Time 1.3986    Loss_Yolo 7.8463e+01
[Iter:2193] LR:9.544044011939024e-05 	    Time 1.2310    Loss_Yolo 5.1975e+01
[Iter:2194] LR:9.543634348060657e-05 	    Time 1.3004    Loss_Yolo 7.1456e+01
[Iter:2195] LR:9.543224509030188e-05 	    Time 1.3387    Loss_Yolo 6.5824e+01
[Iter:2196] LR:9.542814494863415e-05 	    Time 1.2452    Loss_Yolo 4.5058e+01
[Iter:2197] LR:9.542404305576147e-05 	    Time 1.2053    Loss_Yolo 4.7579e+01
[Iter:2198] LR:9.541993941184197e-05 	    Time 1.3797    Loss_Yolo 7.8197e+01
[Iter:2199] LR:9.541583401703384e-05 	    Time 1.6636    Loss_Yolo 3.5242e+01
[Iter:2200] LR:9.541172687149539e-05 	    Time 1.9109    Loss_Yolo 4.5510e+01
[Iter:2200]     Time 1.3032    Loss_Yolo 5.3634e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5866e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 66.3324748768526 to 65.86559430290671
Save model to ./models/Iter-02200-val_Loss_Yolo_65.8656.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02200-val_Loss_Yolo_65.8656.pth
[Iter:2201] LR:9.540761797538495e-05 	    Time 1.4569    Loss_Yolo 7.4040e+01
[Iter:2202] LR:9.540350732886092e-05 	    Time 1.4479    Loss_Yolo 6.5053e+01
[Iter:2203] LR:9.539939493208179e-05 	    Time 1.3173    Loss_Yolo 6.0240e+01
[Iter:2204] LR:9.539528078520611e-05 	    Time 1.4242    Loss_Yolo 7.3713e+01
[Iter:2205] LR:9.539116488839247e-05 	    Time 1.4269    Loss_Yolo 7.3360e+01
[Iter:2206] LR:9.538704724179958e-05 	    Time 1.3226    Loss_Yolo 4.1036e+01
[Iter:2207] LR:9.538292784558617e-05 	    Time 1.4150    Loss_Yolo 5.4850e+01
[Iter:2208] LR:9.537880669991108e-05 	    Time 1.4439    Loss_Yolo 6.1198e+01
[Iter:2209] LR:9.537468380493314e-05 	    Time 1.3718    Loss_Yolo 7.2206e+01
[Iter:2210] LR:9.537055916081137e-05 	    Time 1.3384    Loss_Yolo 7.2007e+01
[Iter:2211] LR:9.536643276770472e-05 	    Time 1.3278    Loss_Yolo 5.6804e+01
[Iter:2212] LR:9.536230462577232e-05 	    Time 1.4963    Loss_Yolo 8.8878e+01
[Iter:2213] LR:9.535817473517333e-05 	    Time 1.3128    Loss_Yolo 4.4738e+01
[Iter:2214] LR:9.535404309606693e-05 	    Time 1.2507    Loss_Yolo 4.5829e+01
[Iter:2215] LR:9.534990970861243e-05 	    Time 1.3736    Loss_Yolo 8.1599e+01
[Iter:2216] LR:9.534577457296919e-05 	    Time 1.3757    Loss_Yolo 7.8111e+01
[Iter:2217] LR:9.534163768929664e-05 	    Time 1.2361    Loss_Yolo 4.3574e+01
[Iter:2218] LR:9.533749905775423e-05 	    Time 1.2456    Loss_Yolo 4.9733e+01
[Iter:2219] LR:9.533335867850155e-05 	    Time 1.3525    Loss_Yolo 6.9688e+01
[Iter:2220] LR:9.532921655169823e-05 	    Time 1.2623    Loss_Yolo 5.9243e+01
[Iter:2221] LR:9.532507267750393e-05 	    Time 1.2437    Loss_Yolo 4.3285e+01
[Iter:2222] LR:9.532092705607846e-05 	    Time 1.1825    Loss_Yolo 3.5356e+01
[Iter:2223] LR:9.531677968758158e-05 	    Time 1.2559    Loss_Yolo 5.0752e+01
[Iter:2224] LR:9.531263057217325e-05 	    Time 1.2005    Loss_Yolo 3.2822e+01
[Iter:2225] LR:9.53084797100134e-05 	    Time 1.2201    Loss_Yolo 3.4770e+01
[Iter:2226] LR:9.530432710126203e-05 	    Time 1.2891    Loss_Yolo 4.1830e+01
[Iter:2227] LR:9.53001727460793e-05 	    Time 1.3472    Loss_Yolo 7.3499e+01
[Iter:2228] LR:9.529601664462532e-05 	    Time 1.2704    Loss_Yolo 6.1135e+01
[Iter:2229] LR:9.529185879706037e-05 	    Time 1.2582    Loss_Yolo 4.7468e+01
[Iter:2230] LR:9.528769920354468e-05 	    Time 1.4299    Loss_Yolo 8.6394e+01
[Iter:2231] LR:9.528353786423868e-05 	    Time 1.3144    Loss_Yolo 5.9412e+01
[Iter:2232] LR:9.527937477930277e-05 	    Time 1.2805    Loss_Yolo 5.6037e+01
[Iter:2233] LR:9.527520994889746e-05 	    Time 1.2109    Loss_Yolo 4.0403e+01
[Iter:2234] LR:9.527104337318332e-05 	    Time 1.3090    Loss_Yolo 6.3833e+01
[Iter:2235] LR:9.526687505232096e-05 	    Time 1.3221    Loss_Yolo 6.0108e+01
[Iter:2236] LR:9.526270498647111e-05 	    Time 1.2483    Loss_Yolo 4.0493e+01
[Iter:2237] LR:9.525853317579453e-05 	    Time 1.2099    Loss_Yolo 3.7972e+01
[Iter:2238] LR:9.525435962045206e-05 	    Time 1.3364    Loss_Yolo 7.1785e+01
[Iter:2239] LR:9.52501843206046e-05 	    Time 1.2847    Loss_Yolo 5.7579e+01
[Iter:2240] LR:9.524600727641312e-05 	    Time 1.2596    Loss_Yolo 5.0571e+01
[Iter:2240]     Time 1.3168    Loss_Yolo 5.7785e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.6050e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02240-val_Loss_Yolo_66.0498.pth
[Iter:2241] LR:9.524182848803865e-05 	    Time 16.2710    Loss_Yolo 5.0236e+01
[Iter:2242] LR:9.52376479556423e-05 	    Time 1.7931    Loss_Yolo 6.4946e+01
[Iter:2243] LR:9.523346567938527e-05 	    Time 1.3752    Loss_Yolo 6.2150e+01
[Iter:2244] LR:9.522928165942878e-05 	    Time 1.2508    Loss_Yolo 4.3103e+01
[Iter:2245] LR:9.522509589593411e-05 	    Time 1.3472    Loss_Yolo 6.5759e+01
[Iter:2246] LR:9.522090838906267e-05 	    Time 1.1812    Loss_Yolo 2.5566e+01
[Iter:2247] LR:9.52167191389759e-05 	    Time 1.2281    Loss_Yolo 4.0964e+01
[Iter:2248] LR:9.521252814583528e-05 	    Time 1.3335    Loss_Yolo 7.0860e+01
[Iter:2249] LR:9.520833540980242e-05 	    Time 1.1906    Loss_Yolo 3.8837e+01
[Iter:2250] LR:9.520414093103893e-05 	    Time 1.3693    Loss_Yolo 6.3130e+01
[Iter:2251] LR:9.519994470970656e-05 	    Time 1.3072    Loss_Yolo 5.8892e+01
[Iter:2252] LR:9.519574674596705e-05 	    Time 1.3254    Loss_Yolo 4.5199e+01
[Iter:2253] LR:9.519154703998226e-05 	    Time 1.2663    Loss_Yolo 4.2749e+01
[Iter:2254] LR:9.518734559191412e-05 	    Time 1.2510    Loss_Yolo 4.9999e+01
[Iter:2255] LR:9.518314240192458e-05 	    Time 1.2025    Loss_Yolo 3.3728e+01
[Iter:2256] LR:9.51789374701757e-05 	    Time 1.2812    Loss_Yolo 6.1124e+01
[Iter:2257] LR:9.517473079682958e-05 	    Time 1.3818    Loss_Yolo 5.4633e+01
[Iter:2258] LR:9.517052238204842e-05 	    Time 1.5409    Loss_Yolo 8.1850e+01
[Iter:2259] LR:9.516631222599445e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 5.2661e+01
[Iter:2260] LR:9.516210032883001e-05 	    Time 1.1941    Loss_Yolo 4.2964e+01
[Iter:2261] LR:9.515788669071747e-05 	    Time 1.2436    Loss_Yolo 3.2294e+01
[Iter:2262] LR:9.515367131181926e-05 	    Time 1.4551    Loss_Yolo 8.6741e+01
[Iter:2263] LR:9.514945419229791e-05 	    Time 1.2605    Loss_Yolo 4.4923e+01
[Iter:2264] LR:9.5145235332316e-05 	    Time 1.2175    Loss_Yolo 4.3057e+01
[Iter:2265] LR:9.514101473203619e-05 	    Time 1.2999    Loss_Yolo 5.4200e+01
[Iter:2266] LR:9.513679239162121e-05 	    Time 1.2556    Loss_Yolo 5.3579e+01
[Iter:2267] LR:9.51325683112338e-05 	    Time 1.2372    Loss_Yolo 4.4125e+01
[Iter:2268] LR:9.512834249103686e-05 	    Time 1.2781    Loss_Yolo 5.4261e+01
[Iter:2269] LR:9.512411493119326e-05 	    Time 1.1880    Loss_Yolo 3.7473e+01
[Iter:2270] LR:9.511988563186603e-05 	    Time 1.2232    Loss_Yolo 3.7110e+01
[Iter:2271] LR:9.51156545932182e-05 	    Time 1.2353    Loss_Yolo 4.9220e+01
[Iter:2272] LR:9.51114218154129e-05 	    Time 1.3479    Loss_Yolo 7.1432e+01
[Iter:2273] LR:9.51071872986133e-05 	    Time 1.2954    Loss_Yolo 5.0308e+01
[Iter:2274] LR:9.510295104298267e-05 	    Time 1.1842    Loss_Yolo 3.0851e+01
[Iter:2275] LR:9.509871304868434e-05 	    Time 1.3272    Loss_Yolo 6.3650e+01
[Iter:2276] LR:9.509447331588167e-05 	    Time 1.2589    Loss_Yolo 4.3071e+01
[Iter:2277] LR:9.509023184473814e-05 	    Time 1.2780    Loss_Yolo 6.4799e+01
[Iter:2278] LR:9.508598863541725e-05 	    Time 1.2646    Loss_Yolo 4.9572e+01
[Iter:2279] LR:9.50817436880826e-05 	    Time 1.2281    Loss_Yolo 4.1186e+01
[Iter:2280] LR:9.507749700289786e-05 	    Time 1.2878    Loss_Yolo 4.2128e+01
[Iter:2280]     Time 1.6685    Loss_Yolo 5.1083e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.6369e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02280-val_Loss_Yolo_66.3689.pth
[Iter:2281] LR:9.507324858002672e-05 	    Time 1.2990    Loss_Yolo 3.4501e+01
[Iter:2282] LR:9.506899841963301e-05 	    Time 1.4798    Loss_Yolo 6.4512e+01
[Iter:2283] LR:9.506474652188055e-05 	    Time 1.2940    Loss_Yolo 4.8536e+01
[Iter:2284] LR:9.50604928869333e-05 	    Time 1.2366    Loss_Yolo 3.9074e+01
[Iter:2285] LR:9.505623751495522e-05 	    Time 1.3244    Loss_Yolo 4.8360e+01
[Iter:2286] LR:9.505198040611038e-05 	    Time 1.3256    Loss_Yolo 6.6781e+01
[Iter:2287] LR:9.504772156056291e-05 	    Time 1.2765    Loss_Yolo 4.6411e+01
[Iter:2288] LR:9.5043460978477e-05 	    Time 1.4980    Loss_Yolo 9.8436e+01
[Iter:2289] LR:9.503919866001689e-05 	    Time 1.2851    Loss_Yolo 6.0526e+01
[Iter:2290] LR:9.503493460534693e-05 	    Time 2.3078    Loss_Yolo 7.5575e+01
[Iter:2291] LR:9.503066881463149e-05 	    Time 2.9482    Loss_Yolo 5.1833e+01
[Iter:2292] LR:9.502640128803505e-05 	    Time 2.4734    Loss_Yolo 4.4564e+01
[Iter:2293] LR:9.502213202572214e-05 	    Time 2.3360    Loss_Yolo 3.6475e+01
[Iter:2294] LR:9.501786102785735e-05 	    Time 2.0939    Loss_Yolo 4.4810e+01
[Iter:2295] LR:9.501358829460531e-05 	    Time 1.9089    Loss_Yolo 6.3035e+01
[Iter:2296] LR:9.500931382613078e-05 	    Time 1.7367    Loss_Yolo 4.2193e+01
[Iter:2297] LR:9.500503762259856e-05 	    Time 1.7690    Loss_Yolo 5.7528e+01
[Iter:2298] LR:9.500075968417348e-05 	    Time 2.1228    Loss_Yolo 1.0117e+02
[Iter:2299] LR:9.499648001102048e-05 	    Time 1.3719    Loss_Yolo 6.0093e+01
[Iter:2300] LR:9.499219860330459e-05 	    Time 1.2970    Loss_Yolo 3.1578e+01
[Iter:2301] LR:9.498791546119083e-05 	    Time 1.4787    Loss_Yolo 7.6332e+01
[Iter:2302] LR:9.498363058484432e-05 	    Time 1.2008    Loss_Yolo 2.8984e+01
[Iter:2303] LR:9.497934397443028e-05 	    Time 1.2785    Loss_Yolo 5.8651e+01
[Iter:2304] LR:9.497505563011396e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 3.5880e+01
[Iter:2305] LR:9.497076555206073e-05 	    Time 1.3290    Loss_Yolo 5.2765e+01
[Iter:2306] LR:9.496647374043593e-05 	    Time 1.2591    Loss_Yolo 4.2962e+01
[Iter:2307] LR:9.496218019540504e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 4.5689e+01
[Iter:2308] LR:9.495788491713361e-05 	    Time 1.3415    Loss_Yolo 4.2856e+01
[Iter:2309] LR:9.49535879057872e-05 	    Time 1.2476    Loss_Yolo 5.0305e+01
[Iter:2310] LR:9.494928916153151e-05 	    Time 1.2152    Loss_Yolo 3.5388e+01
[Iter:2311] LR:9.494498868453225e-05 	    Time 1.3561    Loss_Yolo 5.3764e+01
[Iter:2312] LR:9.494068647495523e-05 	    Time 1.3123    Loss_Yolo 6.1788e+01
[Iter:2313] LR:9.493638253296631e-05 	    Time 1.2810    Loss_Yolo 4.1562e+01
[Iter:2314] LR:9.49320768587314e-05 	    Time 1.3957    Loss_Yolo 5.6513e+01
[Iter:2315] LR:9.492776945241653e-05 	    Time 1.2284    Loss_Yolo 4.1434e+01
[Iter:2316] LR:9.492346031418774e-05 	    Time 1.2807    Loss_Yolo 3.9157e+01
[Iter:2317] LR:9.491914944421115e-05 	    Time 1.5080    Loss_Yolo 8.6397e+01
[Iter:2318] LR:9.4914836842653e-05 	    Time 1.3614    Loss_Yolo 4.5215e+01
[Iter:2319] LR:9.491052250967951e-05 	    Time 1.3699    Loss_Yolo 7.3340e+01
[Iter:2320] LR:9.490620644545705e-05 	    Time 1.3948    Loss_Yolo 6.9065e+01
[Iter:2320]     Time 1.5187    Loss_Yolo 5.3851e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5816e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 65.86559430290671 to 65.81619262695312
Save model to ./models/Iter-02320-val_Loss_Yolo_65.8162.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02320-val_Loss_Yolo_65.8162.pth
[Iter:2321] LR:9.490188865015198e-05 	    Time 1.3037    Loss_Yolo 6.2456e+01
[Iter:2322] LR:9.48975691239308e-05 	    Time 1.2128    Loss_Yolo 2.6231e+01
[Iter:2323] LR:9.489324786696002e-05 	    Time 1.1837    Loss_Yolo 3.2823e+01
[Iter:2324] LR:9.488892487940623e-05 	    Time 1.1724    Loss_Yolo 2.9422e+01
[Iter:2325] LR:9.488460016143613e-05 	    Time 1.2879    Loss_Yolo 6.2717e+01
[Iter:2326] LR:9.488027371321641e-05 	    Time 1.2424    Loss_Yolo 3.6081e+01
[Iter:2327] LR:9.48759455349139e-05 	    Time 1.3756    Loss_Yolo 6.5235e+01
[Iter:2328] LR:9.487161562669545e-05 	    Time 1.3251    Loss_Yolo 5.2978e+01
[Iter:2329] LR:9.486728398872799e-05 	    Time 1.4160    Loss_Yolo 7.4949e+01
[Iter:2330] LR:9.486295062117851e-05 	    Time 1.2811    Loss_Yolo 5.4889e+01
[Iter:2331] LR:9.48586155242141e-05 	    Time 1.3865    Loss_Yolo 7.9826e+01
[Iter:2332] LR:9.485427869800189e-05 	    Time 1.2559    Loss_Yolo 4.5960e+01
[Iter:2333] LR:9.484994014270904e-05 	    Time 1.3335    Loss_Yolo 8.1499e+01
[Iter:2334] LR:9.484559985850285e-05 	    Time 1.2373    Loss_Yolo 4.3066e+01
[Iter:2335] LR:9.484125784555067e-05 	    Time 1.2734    Loss_Yolo 4.7214e+01
[Iter:2336] LR:9.483691410401985e-05 	    Time 1.3747    Loss_Yolo 8.2301e+01
[Iter:2337] LR:9.483256863407788e-05 	    Time 1.1854    Loss_Yolo 4.8261e+01
[Iter:2338] LR:9.482822143589228e-05 	    Time 1.2240    Loss_Yolo 4.8652e+01
[Iter:2339] LR:9.482387250963066e-05 	    Time 1.3301    Loss_Yolo 7.4604e+01
[Iter:2340] LR:9.481952185546069e-05 	    Time 1.3117    Loss_Yolo 6.6822e+01
[Iter:2341] LR:9.481516947355008e-05 	    Time 1.3029    Loss_Yolo 7.1761e+01
[Iter:2342] LR:9.481081536406664e-05 	    Time 1.1809    Loss_Yolo 3.8824e+01
[Iter:2343] LR:9.480645952717823e-05 	    Time 1.2964    Loss_Yolo 6.3673e+01
[Iter:2344] LR:9.48021019630528e-05 	    Time 1.2512    Loss_Yolo 4.9011e+01
[Iter:2345] LR:9.479774267185833e-05 	    Time 1.3755    Loss_Yolo 8.6710e+01
[Iter:2346] LR:9.479338165376289e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 6.4925e+01
[Iter:2347] LR:9.478901890893462e-05 	    Time 1.1694    Loss_Yolo 3.6063e+01
[Iter:2348] LR:9.478465443754168e-05 	    Time 1.3179    Loss_Yolo 6.5957e+01
[Iter:2349] LR:9.478028823975238e-05 	    Time 1.2410    Loss_Yolo 4.6945e+01
[Iter:2350] LR:9.477592031573501e-05 	    Time 1.2107    Loss_Yolo 4.6735e+01
[Iter:2351] LR:9.4771550665658e-05 	    Time 1.2241    Loss_Yolo 4.8205e+01
[Iter:2352] LR:9.476717928968982e-05 	    Time 1.1758    Loss_Yolo 3.5599e+01
[Iter:2353] LR:9.476280618799897e-05 	    Time 1.2739    Loss_Yolo 6.5437e+01
[Iter:2354] LR:9.475843136075404e-05 	    Time 1.2034    Loss_Yolo 3.9630e+01
[Iter:2355] LR:9.475405480812375e-05 	    Time 1.3684    Loss_Yolo 8.6161e+01
[Iter:2356] LR:9.474967653027677e-05 	    Time 1.3146    Loss_Yolo 6.4104e+01
[Iter:2357] LR:9.474529652738191e-05 	    Time 1.2476    Loss_Yolo 6.0571e+01
[Iter:2358] LR:9.474091479960806e-05 	    Time 1.3747    Loss_Yolo 6.9441e+01
[Iter:2359] LR:9.473653134712413e-05 	    Time 1.3688    Loss_Yolo 7.6367e+01
[Iter:2360] LR:9.473214617009911e-05 	    Time 1.2745    Loss_Yolo 5.5813e+01
[Iter:2360]     Time 1.2792    Loss_Yolo 5.7198e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5508e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 65.81619262695312 to 65.50778691908893
Save model to ./models/Iter-02360-val_Loss_Yolo_65.5078.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02360-val_Loss_Yolo_65.5078.pth
[Iter:2361] LR:9.472775926870206e-05 	    Time 1.2525    Loss_Yolo 5.2255e+01
[Iter:2362] LR:9.472337064310214e-05 	    Time 1.1627    Loss_Yolo 3.0855e+01
[Iter:2363] LR:9.471898029346851e-05 	    Time 1.2099    Loss_Yolo 4.0054e+01
[Iter:2364] LR:9.471458821997045e-05 	    Time 1.1840    Loss_Yolo 2.9748e+01
[Iter:2365] LR:9.471019442277728e-05 	    Time 1.1396    Loss_Yolo 2.6374e+01
[Iter:2366] LR:9.470579890205841e-05 	    Time 1.4094    Loss_Yolo 8.9832e+01
[Iter:2367] LR:9.470140165798327e-05 	    Time 1.2855    Loss_Yolo 5.6423e+01
[Iter:2368] LR:9.469700269072143e-05 	    Time 1.2804    Loss_Yolo 6.1118e+01
[Iter:2369] LR:9.469260200044244e-05 	    Time 1.2942    Loss_Yolo 5.4794e+01
[Iter:2370] LR:9.468819958731599e-05 	    Time 1.1836    Loss_Yolo 3.8490e+01
[Iter:2371] LR:9.46837954515118e-05 	    Time 1.2633    Loss_Yolo 5.4756e+01
[Iter:2372] LR:9.467938959319965e-05 	    Time 1.2985    Loss_Yolo 5.3752e+01
[Iter:2373] LR:9.467498201254942e-05 	    Time 1.2996    Loss_Yolo 7.1697e+01
[Iter:2374] LR:9.467057270973104e-05 	    Time 1.1682    Loss_Yolo 3.5872e+01
[Iter:2375] LR:9.466616168491446e-05 	    Time 1.1835    Loss_Yolo 4.0750e+01
[Iter:2376] LR:9.46617489382698e-05 	    Time 1.2098    Loss_Yolo 3.7010e+01
[Iter:2377] LR:9.465733446996713e-05 	    Time 1.2422    Loss_Yolo 4.8078e+01
[Iter:2378] LR:9.465291828017667e-05 	    Time 1.2564    Loss_Yolo 5.4702e+01
[Iter:2379] LR:9.46485003690687e-05 	    Time 1.2529    Loss_Yolo 6.2486e+01
[Iter:2380] LR:9.464408073681349e-05 	    Time 1.2475    Loss_Yolo 4.8861e+01
[Iter:2381] LR:9.463965938358145e-05 	    Time 1.1554    Loss_Yolo 3.8298e+01
[Iter:2382] LR:9.463523630954306e-05 	    Time 1.2452    Loss_Yolo 5.7412e+01
[Iter:2383] LR:9.463081151486883e-05 	    Time 1.2365    Loss_Yolo 5.5072e+01
[Iter:2384] LR:9.462638499972936e-05 	    Time 1.1682    Loss_Yolo 2.8285e+01
[Iter:2385] LR:9.462195676429529e-05 	    Time 1.2851    Loss_Yolo 6.8954e+01
[Iter:2386] LR:9.461752680873733e-05 	    Time 1.4140    Loss_Yolo 8.3773e+01
[Iter:2387] LR:9.46130951332263e-05 	    Time 1.2102    Loss_Yolo 4.2246e+01
[Iter:2388] LR:9.460866173793303e-05 	    Time 1.5152    Loss_Yolo 7.6296e+01
[Iter:2389] LR:9.460422662302847e-05 	    Time 1.6062    Loss_Yolo 1.0376e+02
[Iter:2390] LR:9.459978978868358e-05 	    Time 1.3008    Loss_Yolo 6.9294e+01
[Iter:2391] LR:9.459535123506942e-05 	    Time 1.3183    Loss_Yolo 5.0557e+01
[Iter:2392] LR:9.459091096235712e-05 	    Time 1.2499    Loss_Yolo 4.6320e+01
[Iter:2393] LR:9.458646897071786e-05 	    Time 1.2639    Loss_Yolo 6.5008e+01
[Iter:2394] LR:9.458202526032288e-05 	    Time 1.3292    Loss_Yolo 7.7756e+01
[Iter:2395] LR:9.457757983134353e-05 	    Time 1.2239    Loss_Yolo 5.2733e+01
[Iter:2396] LR:9.457313268395118e-05 	    Time 1.7614    Loss_Yolo 5.4284e+01
[Iter:2397] LR:9.456868381831726e-05 	    Time 1.8281    Loss_Yolo 3.3186e+01
[Iter:2398] LR:9.456423323461332e-05 	    Time 1.9654    Loss_Yolo 5.4853e+01
[Iter:2399] LR:9.455978093301091e-05 	    Time 2.0010    Loss_Yolo 4.6705e+01
[Iter:2400] LR:9.455532691368173e-05 	    Time 2.1164    Loss_Yolo 5.1050e+01
[Iter:2400]     Time 1.3505    Loss_Yolo 5.3594e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5140e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 65.50778691908893 to 65.14020224178539
Save model to ./models/Iter-02400-val_Loss_Yolo_65.1402.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02400-val_Loss_Yolo_65.1402.pth
[Iter:2401] LR:9.455087117679746e-05 	    Time 14.8410    Loss_Yolo 8.0208e+01
[Iter:2402] LR:9.454641372252988e-05 	    Time 2.1760    Loss_Yolo 3.5594e+01
[Iter:2403] LR:9.454195455105086e-05 	    Time 2.1784    Loss_Yolo 3.9052e+01
[Iter:2404] LR:9.453749366253229e-05 	    Time 1.3142    Loss_Yolo 4.0141e+01
[Iter:2405] LR:9.453303105714618e-05 	    Time 1.2028    Loss_Yolo 3.5265e+01
[Iter:2406] LR:9.452856673506454e-05 	    Time 1.3561    Loss_Yolo 6.4148e+01
[Iter:2407] LR:9.452410069645953e-05 	    Time 1.4229    Loss_Yolo 9.4395e+01
[Iter:2408] LR:9.451963294150331e-05 	    Time 1.3837    Loss_Yolo 6.6147e+01
[Iter:2409] LR:9.45151634703681e-05 	    Time 1.4814    Loss_Yolo 7.1667e+01
[Iter:2410] LR:9.451069228322626e-05 	    Time 1.1857    Loss_Yolo 3.5060e+01
[Iter:2411] LR:9.450621938025011e-05 	    Time 1.2148    Loss_Yolo 4.1095e+01
[Iter:2412] LR:9.450174476161215e-05 	    Time 1.2259    Loss_Yolo 3.5573e+01
[Iter:2413] LR:9.449726842748486e-05 	    Time 1.4097    Loss_Yolo 7.4388e+01
[Iter:2414] LR:9.449279037804082e-05 	    Time 1.2846    Loss_Yolo 5.9602e+01
[Iter:2415] LR:9.448831061345269e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 5.9067e+01
[Iter:2416] LR:9.448382913389316e-05 	    Time 1.2469    Loss_Yolo 5.5968e+01
[Iter:2417] LR:9.447934593953502e-05 	    Time 1.1365    Loss_Yolo 2.1863e+01
[Iter:2418] LR:9.447486103055107e-05 	    Time 1.4232    Loss_Yolo 9.0662e+01
[Iter:2419] LR:9.44703744071143e-05 	    Time 1.2953    Loss_Yolo 6.2160e+01
[Iter:2420] LR:9.44658860693976e-05 	    Time 1.2781    Loss_Yolo 5.4400e+01
[Iter:2421] LR:9.446139601757406e-05 	    Time 1.2327    Loss_Yolo 4.5833e+01
[Iter:2422] LR:9.445690425181675e-05 	    Time 1.1854    Loss_Yolo 3.6541e+01
[Iter:2423] LR:9.445241077229886e-05 	    Time 1.2357    Loss_Yolo 4.0015e+01
[Iter:2424] LR:9.444791557919364e-05 	    Time 1.2097    Loss_Yolo 4.7597e+01
[Iter:2425] LR:9.444341867267437e-05 	    Time 1.2324    Loss_Yolo 4.3041e+01
[Iter:2426] LR:9.443892005291445e-05 	    Time 1.2226    Loss_Yolo 4.5711e+01
[Iter:2427] LR:9.443441972008728e-05 	    Time 1.2319    Loss_Yolo 4.7738e+01
[Iter:2428] LR:9.44299176743664e-05 	    Time 1.3094    Loss_Yolo 6.0734e+01
[Iter:2429] LR:9.442541391592533e-05 	    Time 1.3051    Loss_Yolo 5.8029e+01
[Iter:2430] LR:9.442090844493776e-05 	    Time 1.3481    Loss_Yolo 6.7962e+01
[Iter:2431] LR:9.441640126157735e-05 	    Time 1.2093    Loss_Yolo 3.0199e+01
[Iter:2432] LR:9.441189236601787e-05 	    Time 1.1939    Loss_Yolo 3.5347e+01
[Iter:2433] LR:9.440738175843317e-05 	    Time 1.2431    Loss_Yolo 5.2432e+01
[Iter:2434] LR:9.440286943899714e-05 	    Time 1.3863    Loss_Yolo 8.1057e+01
[Iter:2435] LR:9.439835540788372e-05 	    Time 1.2494    Loss_Yolo 4.9041e+01
[Iter:2436] LR:9.439383966526698e-05 	    Time 1.3020    Loss_Yolo 5.5368e+01
[Iter:2437] LR:9.438932221132099e-05 	    Time 1.2002    Loss_Yolo 4.1231e+01
[Iter:2438] LR:9.438480304621993e-05 	    Time 1.3470    Loss_Yolo 6.7751e+01
[Iter:2439] LR:9.438028217013802e-05 	    Time 1.2314    Loss_Yolo 4.4094e+01
[Iter:2440] LR:9.437575958324953e-05 	    Time 1.1396    Loss_Yolo 2.4300e+01
[Iter:2440]     Time 1.6580    Loss_Yolo 5.2262e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5743e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02440-val_Loss_Yolo_65.7434.pth
[Iter:2441] LR:9.437123528572888e-05 	    Time 1.2163    Loss_Yolo 3.6988e+01
[Iter:2442] LR:9.436670927775042e-05 	    Time 1.2949    Loss_Yolo 5.2773e+01
[Iter:2443] LR:9.43621815594887e-05 	    Time 1.2180    Loss_Yolo 4.2059e+01
[Iter:2444] LR:9.435765213111826e-05 	    Time 1.3031    Loss_Yolo 6.7804e+01
[Iter:2445] LR:9.43531209928137e-05 	    Time 1.3563    Loss_Yolo 6.6739e+01
[Iter:2446] LR:9.434858814474975e-05 	    Time 1.2121    Loss_Yolo 3.2913e+01
[Iter:2447] LR:9.434405358710115e-05 	    Time 1.3095    Loss_Yolo 6.9827e+01
[Iter:2448] LR:9.433951732004271e-05 	    Time 1.2369    Loss_Yolo 5.6231e+01
[Iter:2449] LR:9.433497934374933e-05 	    Time 1.1988    Loss_Yolo 3.4795e+01
[Iter:2450] LR:9.433043965839594e-05 	    Time 1.3697    Loss_Yolo 9.1845e+01
[Iter:2451] LR:9.432589826415761e-05 	    Time 1.3109    Loss_Yolo 6.2132e+01
[Iter:2452] LR:9.432135516120937e-05 	    Time 1.3582    Loss_Yolo 7.5736e+01
[Iter:2453] LR:9.43168103497264e-05 	    Time 1.2557    Loss_Yolo 5.9495e+01
[Iter:2454] LR:9.43122638298839e-05 	    Time 1.1962    Loss_Yolo 4.0598e+01
[Iter:2455] LR:9.430771560185718e-05 	    Time 1.3909    Loss_Yolo 6.9643e+01
[Iter:2456] LR:9.430316566582156e-05 	    Time 1.3111    Loss_Yolo 7.3119e+01
[Iter:2457] LR:9.429861402195246e-05 	    Time 1.2937    Loss_Yolo 4.7261e+01
[Iter:2458] LR:9.429406067042538e-05 	    Time 1.2763    Loss_Yolo 4.7282e+01
[Iter:2459] LR:9.428950561141584e-05 	    Time 1.2427    Loss_Yolo 4.0708e+01
[Iter:2460] LR:9.428494884509946e-05 	    Time 1.4412    Loss_Yolo 7.2644e+01
[Iter:2461] LR:9.428039037165194e-05 	    Time 1.2174    Loss_Yolo 3.9583e+01
[Iter:2462] LR:9.4275830191249e-05 	    Time 1.3315    Loss_Yolo 5.4714e+01
[Iter:2463] LR:9.427126830406646e-05 	    Time 1.2974    Loss_Yolo 4.7909e+01
[Iter:2464] LR:9.426670471028017e-05 	    Time 1.3304    Loss_Yolo 5.7401e+01
[Iter:2465] LR:9.42621394100661e-05 	    Time 1.2769    Loss_Yolo 4.3522e+01
[Iter:2466] LR:9.425757240360024e-05 	    Time 1.2199    Loss_Yolo 3.4513e+01
[Iter:2467] LR:9.425300369105868e-05 	    Time 1.2336    Loss_Yolo 4.5771e+01
[Iter:2468] LR:9.424843327261755e-05 	    Time 1.3051    Loss_Yolo 5.8897e+01
[Iter:2469] LR:9.424386114845304e-05 	    Time 1.3358    Loss_Yolo 5.6728e+01
[Iter:2470] LR:9.423928731874145e-05 	    Time 1.1804    Loss_Yolo 2.8238e+01
[Iter:2471] LR:9.423471178365906e-05 	    Time 1.3088    Loss_Yolo 6.6044e+01
[Iter:2472] LR:9.423013454338235e-05 	    Time 1.3495    Loss_Yolo 5.7861e+01
[Iter:2473] LR:9.422555559808772e-05 	    Time 1.3426    Loss_Yolo 6.5151e+01
[Iter:2474] LR:9.422097494795175e-05 	    Time 1.3170    Loss_Yolo 4.9094e+01
[Iter:2475] LR:9.421639259315099e-05 	    Time 1.3016    Loss_Yolo 5.6117e+01
[Iter:2476] LR:9.421180853386213e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 4.6371e+01
[Iter:2477] LR:9.42072227702619e-05 	    Time 1.3633    Loss_Yolo 5.9877e+01
[Iter:2478] LR:9.420263530252711e-05 	    Time 1.2061    Loss_Yolo 3.4110e+01
[Iter:2479] LR:9.419804613083461e-05 	    Time 1.2950    Loss_Yolo 5.4717e+01
[Iter:2480] LR:9.419345525536132e-05 	    Time 1.2826    Loss_Yolo 6.1007e+01
[Iter:2480]     Time 1.2879    Loss_Yolo 5.3955e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5439e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02480-val_Loss_Yolo_65.4389.pth
[Iter:2481] LR:9.418886267628424e-05 	    Time 1.6496    Loss_Yolo 7.5868e+01
[Iter:2482] LR:9.418426839378042e-05 	    Time 1.2951    Loss_Yolo 5.2939e+01
[Iter:2483] LR:9.417967240802698e-05 	    Time 1.2260    Loss_Yolo 4.2939e+01
[Iter:2484] LR:9.417507471920113e-05 	    Time 1.2153    Loss_Yolo 3.1791e+01
[Iter:2485] LR:9.417047532748011e-05 	    Time 1.3307    Loss_Yolo 6.1612e+01
[Iter:2486] LR:9.416587423304126e-05 	    Time 1.2866    Loss_Yolo 5.6979e+01
[Iter:2487] LR:9.416127143606192e-05 	    Time 1.3198    Loss_Yolo 5.8173e+01
[Iter:2488] LR:9.415666693671961e-05 	    Time 1.2486    Loss_Yolo 2.7699e+01
[Iter:2489] LR:9.415206073519178e-05 	    Time 1.5012    Loss_Yolo 3.1247e+01
[Iter:2490] LR:9.414745283165606e-05 	    Time 1.8461    Loss_Yolo 4.6511e+01
[Iter:2491] LR:9.414284322629008e-05 	    Time 2.0219    Loss_Yolo 3.0890e+01
[Iter:2492] LR:9.413823191927157e-05 	    Time 2.1693    Loss_Yolo 4.2704e+01
[Iter:2493] LR:9.41336189107783e-05 	    Time 2.4384    Loss_Yolo 6.0391e+01
[Iter:2494] LR:9.41290042009881e-05 	    Time 2.2172    Loss_Yolo 8.8619e+01
[Iter:2495] LR:9.41243877900789e-05 	    Time 1.6291    Loss_Yolo 4.9247e+01
[Iter:2496] LR:9.411976967822869e-05 	    Time 2.1229    Loss_Yolo 9.0727e+01
[Iter:2497] LR:9.41151498656155e-05 	    Time 1.9161    Loss_Yolo 5.0047e+01
[Iter:2498] LR:9.411052835241742e-05 	    Time 1.4871    Loss_Yolo 4.8980e+01
[Iter:2499] LR:9.410590513881264e-05 	    Time 1.2012    Loss_Yolo 3.3974e+01
[Iter:2500] LR:9.410128022497941e-05 	    Time 1.3613    Loss_Yolo 7.2128e+01
[Iter:2501] LR:9.409665361109601e-05 	    Time 1.3541    Loss_Yolo 4.7425e+01
[Iter:2502] LR:9.409202529734085e-05 	    Time 1.3584    Loss_Yolo 6.6576e+01
[Iter:2503] LR:9.408739528389231e-05 	    Time 1.2040    Loss_Yolo 4.7353e+01
[Iter:2504] LR:9.408276357092894e-05 	    Time 1.3641    Loss_Yolo 6.1507e+01
[Iter:2505] LR:9.407813015862927e-05 	    Time 1.2185    Loss_Yolo 3.5753e+01
[Iter:2506] LR:9.407349504717198e-05 	    Time 1.4115    Loss_Yolo 6.3283e+01
[Iter:2507] LR:9.406885823673572e-05 	    Time 1.2753    Loss_Yolo 5.3011e+01
[Iter:2508] LR:9.406421972749927e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 5.1051e+01
[Iter:2509] LR:9.405957951964146e-05 	    Time 1.1766    Loss_Yolo 2.5310e+01
[Iter:2510] LR:9.40549376133412e-05 	    Time 1.3077    Loss_Yolo 5.8405e+01
[Iter:2511] LR:9.405029400877744e-05 	    Time 1.2812    Loss_Yolo 6.3003e+01
[Iter:2512] LR:9.404564870612919e-05 	    Time 1.5147    Loss_Yolo 1.1760e+02
[Iter:2513] LR:9.404100170557557e-05 	    Time 1.2440    Loss_Yolo 4.4277e+01
[Iter:2514] LR:9.403635300729571e-05 	    Time 1.3859    Loss_Yolo 6.4298e+01
[Iter:2515] LR:9.403170261146884e-05 	    Time 1.5184    Loss_Yolo 6.3184e+01
[Iter:2516] LR:9.402705051827427e-05 	    Time 1.3523    Loss_Yolo 4.9225e+01
[Iter:2517] LR:9.40223967278913e-05 	    Time 1.2389    Loss_Yolo 4.6081e+01
[Iter:2518] LR:9.401774124049939e-05 	    Time 1.3354    Loss_Yolo 5.5769e+01
[Iter:2519] LR:9.401308405627802e-05 	    Time 1.4308    Loss_Yolo 7.0213e+01
[Iter:2520] LR:9.400842517540673e-05 	    Time 1.2517    Loss_Yolo 4.0869e+01
[Iter:2520]     Time 1.4752    Loss_Yolo 5.4441e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4558e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 65.14020224178539 to 64.5583989760455
Save model to ./models/Iter-02520-val_Loss_Yolo_64.5584.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02520-val_Loss_Yolo_64.5584.pth
[Iter:2521] LR:9.400376459806515e-05 	    Time 1.3164    Loss_Yolo 6.3957e+01
[Iter:2522] LR:9.399910232443294e-05 	    Time 1.2536    Loss_Yolo 4.5137e+01
[Iter:2523] LR:9.399443835468984e-05 	    Time 1.2955    Loss_Yolo 6.4241e+01
[Iter:2524] LR:9.398977268901569e-05 	    Time 1.1661    Loss_Yolo 2.7529e+01
[Iter:2525] LR:9.398510532759035e-05 	    Time 1.1977    Loss_Yolo 3.5136e+01
[Iter:2526] LR:9.398043627059375e-05 	    Time 1.3234    Loss_Yolo 6.5219e+01
[Iter:2527] LR:9.397576551820591e-05 	    Time 1.1948    Loss_Yolo 4.1996e+01
[Iter:2528] LR:9.397109307060691e-05 	    Time 1.4035    Loss_Yolo 8.0231e+01
[Iter:2529] LR:9.396641892797686e-05 	    Time 1.3224    Loss_Yolo 6.2381e+01
[Iter:2530] LR:9.3961743090496e-05 	    Time 1.3244    Loss_Yolo 6.7063e+01
[Iter:2531] LR:9.395706555834457e-05 	    Time 1.3371    Loss_Yolo 6.9597e+01
[Iter:2532] LR:9.39523863317029e-05 	    Time 1.2331    Loss_Yolo 4.8905e+01
[Iter:2533] LR:9.394770541075142e-05 	    Time 1.1658    Loss_Yolo 2.9051e+01
[Iter:2534] LR:9.394302279567058e-05 	    Time 1.3208    Loss_Yolo 6.4598e+01
[Iter:2535] LR:9.393833848664089e-05 	    Time 1.2463    Loss_Yolo 4.5935e+01
[Iter:2536] LR:9.393365248384297e-05 	    Time 1.2584    Loss_Yolo 5.3676e+01
[Iter:2537] LR:9.392896478745746e-05 	    Time 1.1992    Loss_Yolo 3.3116e+01
[Iter:2538] LR:9.392427539766509e-05 	    Time 1.2142    Loss_Yolo 4.2687e+01
[Iter:2539] LR:9.391958431464667e-05 	    Time 1.2649    Loss_Yolo 4.3915e+01
[Iter:2540] LR:9.391489153858303e-05 	    Time 1.3626    Loss_Yolo 8.0773e+01
[Iter:2541] LR:9.391019706965511e-05 	    Time 1.1649    Loss_Yolo 2.9118e+01
[Iter:2542] LR:9.39055009080439e-05 	    Time 1.1742    Loss_Yolo 2.9506e+01
[Iter:2543] LR:9.390080305393043e-05 	    Time 1.2674    Loss_Yolo 5.9189e+01
[Iter:2544] LR:9.389610350749584e-05 	    Time 1.3428    Loss_Yolo 6.5482e+01
[Iter:2545] LR:9.389140226892128e-05 	    Time 1.2222    Loss_Yolo 4.1757e+01
[Iter:2546] LR:9.388669933838804e-05 	    Time 1.2872    Loss_Yolo 5.3434e+01
[Iter:2547] LR:9.388199471607739e-05 	    Time 1.1634    Loss_Yolo 3.5433e+01
[Iter:2548] LR:9.387728840217075e-05 	    Time 1.3428    Loss_Yolo 7.3662e+01
[Iter:2549] LR:9.387258039684953e-05 	    Time 1.2023    Loss_Yolo 3.5960e+01
[Iter:2550] LR:9.386787070029526e-05 	    Time 1.2122    Loss_Yolo 3.6005e+01
[Iter:2551] LR:9.386315931268948e-05 	    Time 1.1954    Loss_Yolo 3.6528e+01
[Iter:2552] LR:9.385844623421388e-05 	    Time 1.3762    Loss_Yolo 6.8436e+01
[Iter:2553] LR:9.385373146505013e-05 	    Time 1.1814    Loss_Yolo 3.4014e+01
[Iter:2554] LR:9.384901500538001e-05 	    Time 1.1783    Loss_Yolo 3.4602e+01
[Iter:2555] LR:9.384429685538534e-05 	    Time 1.3186    Loss_Yolo 7.7958e+01
[Iter:2556] LR:9.383957701524804e-05 	    Time 1.3366    Loss_Yolo 6.3061e+01
[Iter:2557] LR:9.383485548515007e-05 	    Time 1.2979    Loss_Yolo 6.3269e+01
[Iter:2558] LR:9.383013226527344e-05 	    Time 1.2362    Loss_Yolo 4.8212e+01
[Iter:2559] LR:9.382540735580026e-05 	    Time 1.3475    Loss_Yolo 7.2662e+01
[Iter:2560] LR:9.382068075691271e-05 	    Time 1.3408    Loss_Yolo 7.0671e+01
[Iter:2560]     Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 5.2353e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4195e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 64.5583989760455 to 64.19504434922162
Save model to ./models/Iter-02560-val_Loss_Yolo_64.1950.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02560-val_Loss_Yolo_64.1950.pth
[Iter:2561] LR:9.381595246879296e-05 	    Time 14.4530    Loss_Yolo 4.8227e+01
[Iter:2562] LR:9.381122249162336e-05 	    Time 2.7407    Loss_Yolo 4.3122e+01
[Iter:2563] LR:9.380649082558623e-05 	    Time 1.5630    Loss_Yolo 5.3002e+01
[Iter:2564] LR:9.380175747086402e-05 	    Time 1.2926    Loss_Yolo 4.7058e+01
[Iter:2565] LR:9.379702242763918e-05 	    Time 1.3398    Loss_Yolo 6.6554e+01
[Iter:2566] LR:9.379228569609428e-05 	    Time 1.2908    Loss_Yolo 4.5358e+01
[Iter:2567] LR:9.378754727641195e-05 	    Time 1.2751    Loss_Yolo 4.9890e+01
[Iter:2568] LR:9.378280716877483e-05 	    Time 1.2700    Loss_Yolo 4.6241e+01
[Iter:2569] LR:9.377806537336569e-05 	    Time 1.3310    Loss_Yolo 7.0876e+01
[Iter:2570] LR:9.377332189036737e-05 	    Time 1.3460    Loss_Yolo 7.1127e+01
[Iter:2571] LR:9.37685767199627e-05 	    Time 1.3536    Loss_Yolo 6.5827e+01
[Iter:2572] LR:9.376382986233464e-05 	    Time 1.2245    Loss_Yolo 5.1414e+01
[Iter:2573] LR:9.375908131766619e-05 	    Time 1.2827    Loss_Yolo 5.3877e+01
[Iter:2574] LR:9.375433108614043e-05 	    Time 1.3280    Loss_Yolo 6.3753e+01
[Iter:2575] LR:9.374957916794051e-05 	    Time 1.1294    Loss_Yolo 2.3544e+01
[Iter:2576] LR:9.37448255632496e-05 	    Time 1.2822    Loss_Yolo 5.3657e+01
[Iter:2577] LR:9.374007027225098e-05 	    Time 1.3042    Loss_Yolo 6.9446e+01
[Iter:2578] LR:9.373531329512798e-05 	    Time 1.2527    Loss_Yolo 4.0741e+01
[Iter:2579] LR:9.3730554632064e-05 	    Time 1.2538    Loss_Yolo 3.5010e+01
[Iter:2580] LR:9.37257942832425e-05 	    Time 1.4514    Loss_Yolo 5.3026e+01
[Iter:2581] LR:9.372103224884703e-05 	    Time 1.5814    Loss_Yolo 7.2248e+01
[Iter:2582] LR:9.371626852906112e-05 	    Time 1.2943    Loss_Yolo 5.3731e+01
[Iter:2583] LR:9.371150312406849e-05 	    Time 1.3538    Loss_Yolo 6.0760e+01
[Iter:2584] LR:9.370673603405284e-05 	    Time 1.2245    Loss_Yolo 3.6793e+01
[Iter:2585] LR:9.370196725919794e-05 	    Time 1.4379    Loss_Yolo 8.1752e+01
[Iter:2586] LR:9.369719679968765e-05 	    Time 1.4274    Loss_Yolo 6.4224e+01
[Iter:2587] LR:9.369242465570589e-05 	    Time 1.2493    Loss_Yolo 4.8508e+01
[Iter:2588] LR:9.368765082743665e-05 	    Time 1.3837    Loss_Yolo 5.7370e+01
[Iter:2589] LR:9.368287531506396e-05 	    Time 1.8860    Loss_Yolo 6.2480e+01
[Iter:2590] LR:9.367809811877193e-05 	    Time 2.9349    Loss_Yolo 1.0445e+02
[Iter:2591] LR:9.367331923874476e-05 	    Time 2.1287    Loss_Yolo 5.6734e+01
[Iter:2592] LR:9.366853867516666e-05 	    Time 2.6321    Loss_Yolo 7.9024e+01
[Iter:2593] LR:9.366375642822197e-05 	    Time 1.9992    Loss_Yolo 5.2251e+01
[Iter:2594] LR:9.365897249809501e-05 	    Time 1.7533    Loss_Yolo 8.2556e+01
[Iter:2595] LR:9.365418688497028e-05 	    Time 1.6236    Loss_Yolo 4.8964e+01
[Iter:2596] LR:9.364939958903223e-05 	    Time 1.8337    Loss_Yolo 3.8096e+01
[Iter:2597] LR:9.364461061046544e-05 	    Time 1.9062    Loss_Yolo 5.2679e+01
[Iter:2598] LR:9.363981994945455e-05 	    Time 1.6440    Loss_Yolo 5.4698e+01
[Iter:2599] LR:9.363502760618425e-05 	    Time 1.7542    Loss_Yolo 7.4936e+01
[Iter:2600] LR:9.363023358083928e-05 	    Time 1.2903    Loss_Yolo 4.1820e+01
[Iter:2600]     Time 1.8776    Loss_Yolo 5.6896e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4750e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02600-val_Loss_Yolo_64.7503.pth
[Iter:2601] LR:9.36254378736045e-05 	    Time 1.2225    Loss_Yolo 3.9252e+01
[Iter:2602] LR:9.362064048466476e-05 	    Time 1.4808    Loss_Yolo 6.6035e+01
[Iter:2603] LR:9.361584141420507e-05 	    Time 1.2980    Loss_Yolo 4.3304e+01
[Iter:2604] LR:9.361104066241038e-05 	    Time 1.3041    Loss_Yolo 5.3331e+01
[Iter:2605] LR:9.360623822946583e-05 	    Time 1.1896    Loss_Yolo 3.8770e+01
[Iter:2606] LR:9.360143411555655e-05 	    Time 1.4651    Loss_Yolo 6.6180e+01
[Iter:2607] LR:9.359662832086775e-05 	    Time 1.3129    Loss_Yolo 5.4536e+01
[Iter:2608] LR:9.359182084558469e-05 	    Time 1.2105    Loss_Yolo 3.9043e+01
[Iter:2609] LR:9.358701168989276e-05 	    Time 1.3033    Loss_Yolo 6.2594e+01
[Iter:2610] LR:9.358220085397733e-05 	    Time 1.2444    Loss_Yolo 4.6045e+01
[Iter:2611] LR:9.357738833802388e-05 	    Time 1.3163    Loss_Yolo 4.8678e+01
[Iter:2612] LR:9.357257414221796e-05 	    Time 1.2343    Loss_Yolo 4.9968e+01
[Iter:2613] LR:9.356775826674516e-05 	    Time 1.3975    Loss_Yolo 7.7041e+01
[Iter:2614] LR:9.356294071179116e-05 	    Time 1.1921    Loss_Yolo 3.7847e+01
[Iter:2615] LR:9.355812147754168e-05 	    Time 1.2883    Loss_Yolo 6.5927e+01
[Iter:2616] LR:9.355330056418251e-05 	    Time 1.3038    Loss_Yolo 5.7801e+01
[Iter:2617] LR:9.354847797189953e-05 	    Time 1.4228    Loss_Yolo 8.9568e+01
[Iter:2618] LR:9.354365370087866e-05 	    Time 1.4196    Loss_Yolo 7.4520e+01
[Iter:2619] LR:9.353882775130589e-05 	    Time 1.2145    Loss_Yolo 3.6560e+01
[Iter:2620] LR:9.353400012336726e-05 	    Time 1.2708    Loss_Yolo 4.4290e+01
[Iter:2621] LR:9.352917081724893e-05 	    Time 1.2009    Loss_Yolo 3.3690e+01
[Iter:2622] LR:9.352433983313702e-05 	    Time 1.3504    Loss_Yolo 7.8815e+01
[Iter:2623] LR:9.351950717121785e-05 	    Time 1.2317    Loss_Yolo 3.5459e+01
[Iter:2624] LR:9.35146728316777e-05 	    Time 1.4383    Loss_Yolo 7.3087e+01
[Iter:2625] LR:9.350983681470294e-05 	    Time 1.2169    Loss_Yolo 3.3302e+01
[Iter:2626] LR:9.350499912048004e-05 	    Time 1.1705    Loss_Yolo 2.9452e+01
[Iter:2627] LR:9.350015974919549e-05 	    Time 1.1997    Loss_Yolo 3.1890e+01
[Iter:2628] LR:9.349531870103586e-05 	    Time 1.3284    Loss_Yolo 5.8042e+01
[Iter:2629] LR:9.349047597618779e-05 	    Time 1.3212    Loss_Yolo 4.8839e+01
[Iter:2630] LR:9.348563157483799e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 5.1781e+01
[Iter:2631] LR:9.348078549717323e-05 	    Time 1.2161    Loss_Yolo 4.4548e+01
[Iter:2632] LR:9.347593774338032e-05 	    Time 1.3592    Loss_Yolo 7.0887e+01
[Iter:2633] LR:9.34710883136462e-05 	    Time 1.1785    Loss_Yolo 2.6794e+01
[Iter:2634] LR:9.346623720815778e-05 	    Time 1.3395    Loss_Yolo 5.8101e+01
[Iter:2635] LR:9.346138442710212e-05 	    Time 1.3267    Loss_Yolo 6.0410e+01
[Iter:2636] LR:9.345652997066628e-05 	    Time 1.1925    Loss_Yolo 2.7074e+01
[Iter:2637] LR:9.345167383903745e-05 	    Time 1.3534    Loss_Yolo 7.8637e+01
[Iter:2638] LR:9.344681603240282e-05 	    Time 1.2802    Loss_Yolo 5.2775e+01
[Iter:2639] LR:9.34419565509497e-05 	    Time 1.1397    Loss_Yolo 2.0831e+01
[Iter:2640] LR:9.343709539486541e-05 	    Time 1.2257    Loss_Yolo 2.8517e+01
[Iter:2640]     Time 1.2854    Loss_Yolo 5.0856e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3910e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 64.19504434922162 to 63.91025296379538
Save model to ./models/Iter-02640-val_Loss_Yolo_63.9103.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02640-val_Loss_Yolo_63.9103.pth
[Iter:2641] LR:9.343223256433737e-05 	    Time 1.1747    Loss_Yolo 3.0273e+01
[Iter:2642] LR:9.342736805955308e-05 	    Time 1.3225    Loss_Yolo 7.1643e+01
[Iter:2643] LR:9.342250188070006e-05 	    Time 1.2439    Loss_Yolo 4.5424e+01
[Iter:2644] LR:9.341763402796592e-05 	    Time 1.2649    Loss_Yolo 4.5483e+01
[Iter:2645] LR:9.341276450153833e-05 	    Time 1.2962    Loss_Yolo 5.7111e+01
[Iter:2646] LR:9.340789330160503e-05 	    Time 1.3365    Loss_Yolo 6.2646e+01
[Iter:2647] LR:9.34030204283538e-05 	    Time 1.2298    Loss_Yolo 4.4458e+01
[Iter:2648] LR:9.339814588197256e-05 	    Time 1.2969    Loss_Yolo 4.4149e+01
[Iter:2649] LR:9.339326966264918e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 4.9491e+01
[Iter:2650] LR:9.338839177057168e-05 	    Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 4.4815e+01
[Iter:2651] LR:9.33835122059281e-05 	    Time 1.2709    Loss_Yolo 4.9954e+01
[Iter:2652] LR:9.33786309689066e-05 	    Time 1.2454    Loss_Yolo 4.3257e+01
[Iter:2653] LR:9.337374805969533e-05 	    Time 1.2567    Loss_Yolo 3.9919e+01
[Iter:2654] LR:9.336886347848255e-05 	    Time 1.2901    Loss_Yolo 5.9367e+01
[Iter:2655] LR:9.33639772254566e-05 	    Time 1.2780    Loss_Yolo 4.5202e+01
[Iter:2656] LR:9.335908930080583e-05 	    Time 1.2634    Loss_Yolo 4.0658e+01
[Iter:2657] LR:9.335419970471868e-05 	    Time 1.1735    Loss_Yolo 3.9101e+01
[Iter:2658] LR:9.33493084373837e-05 	    Time 1.2137    Loss_Yolo 4.7799e+01
[Iter:2659] LR:9.334441549898943e-05 	    Time 1.2370    Loss_Yolo 4.4751e+01
[Iter:2660] LR:9.333952088972451e-05 	    Time 1.1702    Loss_Yolo 3.2586e+01
[Iter:2661] LR:9.333462460977765e-05 	    Time 1.3133    Loss_Yolo 6.3547e+01
[Iter:2662] LR:9.332972665933763e-05 	    Time 1.2722    Loss_Yolo 5.8072e+01
[Iter:2663] LR:9.332482703859327e-05 	    Time 1.2504    Loss_Yolo 5.3240e+01
[Iter:2664] LR:9.331992574773344e-05 	    Time 1.2663    Loss_Yolo 4.3125e+01
[Iter:2665] LR:9.331502278694714e-05 	    Time 1.2539    Loss_Yolo 4.3718e+01
[Iter:2666] LR:9.331011815642337e-05 	    Time 1.1522    Loss_Yolo 2.5247e+01
[Iter:2667] LR:9.330521185635124e-05 	    Time 1.2662    Loss_Yolo 6.1538e+01
[Iter:2668] LR:9.330030388691988e-05 	    Time 1.2236    Loss_Yolo 3.9913e+01
[Iter:2669] LR:9.329539424831853e-05 	    Time 1.1984    Loss_Yolo 3.9875e+01
[Iter:2670] LR:9.329048294073646e-05 	    Time 1.2316    Loss_Yolo 4.2678e+01
[Iter:2671] LR:9.3285569964363e-05 	    Time 1.2728    Loss_Yolo 6.2940e+01
[Iter:2672] LR:9.32806553193876e-05 	    Time 1.1950    Loss_Yolo 3.6489e+01
[Iter:2673] LR:9.32757390059997e-05 	    Time 1.1827    Loss_Yolo 3.2624e+01
[Iter:2674] LR:9.327082102438884e-05 	    Time 1.3162    Loss_Yolo 7.7268e+01
[Iter:2675] LR:9.326590137474464e-05 	    Time 1.2243    Loss_Yolo 4.8120e+01
[Iter:2676] LR:9.326098005725678e-05 	    Time 1.3629    Loss_Yolo 6.9656e+01
[Iter:2677] LR:9.325605707211497e-05 	    Time 1.3504    Loss_Yolo 8.0723e+01
[Iter:2678] LR:9.3251132419509e-05 	    Time 1.2680    Loss_Yolo 6.0372e+01
[Iter:2679] LR:9.324620609962875e-05 	    Time 1.2550    Loss_Yolo 5.3738e+01
[Iter:2680] LR:9.324127811266415e-05 	    Time 1.2960    Loss_Yolo 5.7529e+01
[Iter:2680]     Time 1.2571    Loss_Yolo 4.9712e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4169e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02680-val_Loss_Yolo_64.1692.pth
[Iter:2681] LR:9.323634845880516e-05 	    Time 1.4555    Loss_Yolo 5.8400e+01
[Iter:2682] LR:9.323141713824185e-05 	    Time 1.4367    Loss_Yolo 4.9890e+01
[Iter:2683] LR:9.322648415116435e-05 	    Time 1.2894    Loss_Yolo 5.1161e+01
[Iter:2684] LR:9.322154949776282e-05 	    Time 1.2862    Loss_Yolo 5.2421e+01
[Iter:2685] LR:9.321661317822754e-05 	    Time 1.2141    Loss_Yolo 3.7225e+01
[Iter:2686] LR:9.321167519274878e-05 	    Time 1.3235    Loss_Yolo 5.0879e+01
[Iter:2687] LR:9.320673554151694e-05 	    Time 1.2779    Loss_Yolo 6.4355e+01
[Iter:2688] LR:9.320179422472244e-05 	    Time 1.4123    Loss_Yolo 7.1749e+01
[Iter:2689] LR:9.31968512425558e-05 	    Time 1.7394    Loss_Yolo 4.2473e+01
[Iter:2690] LR:9.31919065952076e-05 	    Time 1.8223    Loss_Yolo 2.8865e+01
[Iter:2691] LR:9.318696028286843e-05 	    Time 2.3903    Loss_Yolo 6.0249e+01
[Iter:2692] LR:9.318201230572903e-05 	    Time 1.9627    Loss_Yolo 3.4201e+01
[Iter:2693] LR:9.317706266398012e-05 	    Time 2.2166    Loss_Yolo 4.8665e+01
[Iter:2694] LR:9.317211135781256e-05 	    Time 2.0813    Loss_Yolo 8.2551e+01
[Iter:2695] LR:9.316715838741722e-05 	    Time 1.8630    Loss_Yolo 6.7457e+01
[Iter:2696] LR:9.316220375298507e-05 	    Time 1.5412    Loss_Yolo 3.8285e+01
[Iter:2697] LR:9.315724745470709e-05 	    Time 1.5581    Loss_Yolo 3.8719e+01
[Iter:2698] LR:9.315228949277439e-05 	    Time 1.3502    Loss_Yolo 5.3781e+01
[Iter:2699] LR:9.314732986737812e-05 	    Time 1.3207    Loss_Yolo 5.4661e+01
[Iter:2700] LR:9.314236857870946e-05 	    Time 1.4488    Loss_Yolo 9.6642e+01
[Iter:2701] LR:9.31374056269597e-05 	    Time 1.3054    Loss_Yolo 6.4919e+01
[Iter:2702] LR:9.313244101232018e-05 	    Time 1.1921    Loss_Yolo 3.1699e+01
[Iter:2703] LR:9.312747473498231e-05 	    Time 1.2664    Loss_Yolo 3.9375e+01
[Iter:2704] LR:9.312250679513755e-05 	    Time 1.2929    Loss_Yolo 5.5011e+01
[Iter:2705] LR:9.311753719297742e-05 	    Time 1.3335    Loss_Yolo 6.4352e+01
[Iter:2706] LR:9.31125659286935e-05 	    Time 1.2009    Loss_Yolo 2.0777e+01
[Iter:2707] LR:9.31075930024775e-05 	    Time 1.3974    Loss_Yolo 5.7994e+01
[Iter:2708] LR:9.31026184145211e-05 	    Time 1.5525    Loss_Yolo 9.2039e+01
[Iter:2709] LR:9.309764216501606e-05 	    Time 1.2478    Loss_Yolo 4.5314e+01
[Iter:2710] LR:9.30926642541543e-05 	    Time 1.2384    Loss_Yolo 4.6973e+01
[Iter:2711] LR:9.308768468212768e-05 	    Time 1.2592    Loss_Yolo 5.9618e+01
[Iter:2712] LR:9.30827034491282e-05 	    Time 1.3105    Loss_Yolo 3.7023e+01
[Iter:2713] LR:9.307772055534791e-05 	    Time 1.2476    Loss_Yolo 3.6036e+01
[Iter:2714] LR:9.30727360009789e-05 	    Time 1.5049    Loss_Yolo 8.7648e+01
[Iter:2715] LR:9.306774978621334e-05 	    Time 1.2519    Loss_Yolo 3.9836e+01
[Iter:2716] LR:9.306276191124347e-05 	    Time 1.3375    Loss_Yolo 5.7092e+01
[Iter:2717] LR:9.30577723762616e-05 	    Time 1.2356    Loss_Yolo 4.8189e+01
[Iter:2718] LR:9.305278118146007e-05 	    Time 1.3086    Loss_Yolo 5.9690e+01
[Iter:2719] LR:9.30477883270313e-05 	    Time 1.2501    Loss_Yolo 4.9015e+01
[Iter:2720] LR:9.304279381316782e-05 	    Time 1.2072    Loss_Yolo 4.1130e+01
[Iter:2720]     Time 1.4483    Loss_Yolo 5.2909e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4731e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02720-val_Loss_Yolo_64.7315.pth
[Iter:2721] LR:9.303779764006217e-05 	    Time 12.5687    Loss_Yolo 6.6156e+01
[Iter:2722] LR:9.303279980790694e-05 	    Time 2.8953    Loss_Yolo 3.9050e+01
[Iter:2723] LR:9.302780031689483e-05 	    Time 1.6712    Loss_Yolo 2.7909e+01
[Iter:2724] LR:9.30227991672186e-05 	    Time 1.5053    Loss_Yolo 6.2522e+01
[Iter:2725] LR:9.301779635907103e-05 	    Time 1.3951    Loss_Yolo 8.1054e+01
[Iter:2726] LR:9.301279189264503e-05 	    Time 1.2796    Loss_Yolo 4.1971e+01
[Iter:2727] LR:9.300778576813352e-05 	    Time 1.4595    Loss_Yolo 8.7130e+01
[Iter:2728] LR:9.300277798572948e-05 	    Time 1.3296    Loss_Yolo 8.0219e+01
[Iter:2729] LR:9.299776854562602e-05 	    Time 1.2104    Loss_Yolo 3.5636e+01
[Iter:2730] LR:9.299275744801622e-05 	    Time 1.2672    Loss_Yolo 5.5067e+01
[Iter:2731] LR:9.298774469309333e-05 	    Time 1.2524    Loss_Yolo 5.0118e+01
[Iter:2732] LR:9.298273028105056e-05 	    Time 1.2090    Loss_Yolo 3.8339e+01
[Iter:2733] LR:9.297771421208124e-05 	    Time 1.2471    Loss_Yolo 4.6223e+01
[Iter:2734] LR:9.297269648637877e-05 	    Time 1.1720    Loss_Yolo 2.5566e+01
[Iter:2735] LR:9.29676771041366e-05 	    Time 1.2590    Loss_Yolo 5.5117e+01
[Iter:2736] LR:9.296265606554824e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 5.3444e+01
[Iter:2737] LR:9.295763337080726e-05 	    Time 1.1424    Loss_Yolo 2.8677e+01
[Iter:2738] LR:9.29526090201073e-05 	    Time 1.2469    Loss_Yolo 5.3184e+01
[Iter:2739] LR:9.294758301364205e-05 	    Time 1.5994    Loss_Yolo 9.9893e+01
[Iter:2740] LR:9.294255535160532e-05 	    Time 1.2128    Loss_Yolo 3.7738e+01
[Iter:2741] LR:9.29375260341909e-05 	    Time 1.1914    Loss_Yolo 4.0444e+01
[Iter:2742] LR:9.293249506159274e-05 	    Time 1.5139    Loss_Yolo 9.3587e+01
[Iter:2743] LR:9.292746243400473e-05 	    Time 1.2530    Loss_Yolo 3.5094e+01
[Iter:2744] LR:9.292242815162094e-05 	    Time 1.3118    Loss_Yolo 4.4178e+01
[Iter:2745] LR:9.291739221463545e-05 	    Time 1.3571    Loss_Yolo 6.3275e+01
[Iter:2746] LR:9.29123546232424e-05 	    Time 1.2944    Loss_Yolo 5.1871e+01
[Iter:2747] LR:9.290731537763602e-05 	    Time 1.3547    Loss_Yolo 6.9556e+01
[Iter:2748] LR:9.290227447801056e-05 	    Time 1.2553    Loss_Yolo 4.3590e+01
[Iter:2749] LR:9.28972319245604e-05 	    Time 1.2143    Loss_Yolo 2.6022e+01
[Iter:2750] LR:9.289218771747992e-05 	    Time 1.2601    Loss_Yolo 4.3258e+01
[Iter:2751] LR:9.288714185696361e-05 	    Time 1.2903    Loss_Yolo 5.4236e+01
[Iter:2752] LR:9.288209434320599e-05 	    Time 1.2049    Loss_Yolo 3.2740e+01
[Iter:2753] LR:9.287704517640165e-05 	    Time 1.2445    Loss_Yolo 4.6180e+01
[Iter:2754] LR:9.287199435674527e-05 	    Time 1.3395    Loss_Yolo 6.8187e+01
[Iter:2755] LR:9.286694188443155e-05 	    Time 1.2405    Loss_Yolo 4.1097e+01
[Iter:2756] LR:9.286188775965533e-05 	    Time 1.3646    Loss_Yolo 7.2550e+01
[Iter:2757] LR:9.285683198261139e-05 	    Time 1.2280    Loss_Yolo 3.9264e+01
[Iter:2758] LR:9.285177455349472e-05 	    Time 1.3702    Loss_Yolo 5.9639e+01
[Iter:2759] LR:9.284671547250024e-05 	    Time 1.2502    Loss_Yolo 4.8651e+01
[Iter:2760] LR:9.284165473982301e-05 	    Time 1.2044    Loss_Yolo 3.8809e+01
[Iter:2760]     Time 1.6230    Loss_Yolo 5.1931e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.5749e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02760-val_Loss_Yolo_65.7490.pth
[Iter:2761] LR:9.283659235565817e-05 	    Time 1.3237    Loss_Yolo 4.5795e+01
[Iter:2762] LR:9.283152832020084e-05 	    Time 1.1987    Loss_Yolo 3.6097e+01
[Iter:2763] LR:9.28264626336463e-05 	    Time 1.3096    Loss_Yolo 5.2817e+01
[Iter:2764] LR:9.282139529618981e-05 	    Time 1.3074    Loss_Yolo 6.3713e+01
[Iter:2765] LR:9.281632630802676e-05 	    Time 1.3625    Loss_Yolo 8.0903e+01
[Iter:2766] LR:9.281125566935257e-05 	    Time 1.2927    Loss_Yolo 5.3646e+01
[Iter:2767] LR:9.28061833803627e-05 	    Time 1.2075    Loss_Yolo 3.5814e+01
[Iter:2768] LR:9.280110944125274e-05 	    Time 1.3051    Loss_Yolo 5.9588e+01
[Iter:2769] LR:9.279603385221831e-05 	    Time 1.2093    Loss_Yolo 4.0250e+01
[Iter:2770] LR:9.279095661345503e-05 	    Time 1.2734    Loss_Yolo 6.1074e+01
[Iter:2771] LR:9.278587772515874e-05 	    Time 1.2243    Loss_Yolo 3.8162e+01
[Iter:2772] LR:9.278079718752516e-05 	    Time 1.3339    Loss_Yolo 5.3279e+01
[Iter:2773] LR:9.277571500075021e-05 	    Time 1.2562    Loss_Yolo 4.6115e+01
[Iter:2774] LR:9.277063116502978e-05 	    Time 1.3292    Loss_Yolo 4.9761e+01
[Iter:2775] LR:9.276554568055993e-05 	    Time 1.3786    Loss_Yolo 6.7196e+01
[Iter:2776] LR:9.276045854753667e-05 	    Time 1.3600    Loss_Yolo 6.5584e+01
[Iter:2777] LR:9.275536976615613e-05 	    Time 1.2582    Loss_Yolo 4.0540e+01
[Iter:2778] LR:9.275027933661454e-05 	    Time 1.2739    Loss_Yolo 4.8742e+01
[Iter:2779] LR:9.27451872591081e-05 	    Time 1.2409    Loss_Yolo 4.7959e+01
[Iter:2780] LR:9.274009353383315e-05 	    Time 1.2014    Loss_Yolo 3.5366e+01
[Iter:2781] LR:9.273499816098609e-05 	    Time 1.3113    Loss_Yolo 6.5350e+01
[Iter:2782] LR:9.272990114076333e-05 	    Time 1.2865    Loss_Yolo 5.2608e+01
[Iter:2783] LR:9.272480247336136e-05 	    Time 1.2334    Loss_Yolo 4.6293e+01
[Iter:2784] LR:9.271970215897681e-05 	    Time 1.3224    Loss_Yolo 2.5233e+01
[Iter:2785] LR:9.271460019780627e-05 	    Time 1.4481    Loss_Yolo 5.2141e+01
[Iter:2786] LR:9.270949659004644e-05 	    Time 1.2318    Loss_Yolo 4.7822e+01
[Iter:2787] LR:9.270439133589408e-05 	    Time 1.2679    Loss_Yolo 5.6745e+01
[Iter:2788] LR:9.269928443554604e-05 	    Time 1.4737    Loss_Yolo 9.7811e+01
[Iter:2789] LR:9.269417588919916e-05 	    Time 1.2963    Loss_Yolo 6.0679e+01
[Iter:2790] LR:9.268906569705044e-05 	    Time 1.2821    Loss_Yolo 5.3466e+01
[Iter:2791] LR:9.268395385929687e-05 	    Time 1.2813    Loss_Yolo 5.5353e+01
[Iter:2792] LR:9.267884037613552e-05 	    Time 1.2291    Loss_Yolo 5.3027e+01
[Iter:2793] LR:9.267372524776355e-05 	    Time 1.3209    Loss_Yolo 5.3635e+01
[Iter:2794] LR:9.266860847437813e-05 	    Time 1.7499    Loss_Yolo 8.9819e+01
[Iter:2795] LR:9.266349005617658e-05 	    Time 1.5423    Loss_Yolo 4.3128e+01
[Iter:2796] LR:9.265836999335619e-05 	    Time 1.6870    Loss_Yolo 2.7216e+01
[Iter:2797] LR:9.265324828611436e-05 	    Time 1.6634    Loss_Yolo 6.0771e+01
[Iter:2798] LR:9.264812493464856e-05 	    Time 2.3114    Loss_Yolo 6.5066e+01
[Iter:2799] LR:9.264299993915631e-05 	    Time 1.6271    Loss_Yolo 3.3092e+01
[Iter:2800] LR:9.263787329983518e-05 	    Time 1.8665    Loss_Yolo 4.4095e+01
OMP: Warning #190: Forking a process while a parallel region is active is potentially unsafe.
OMP: Warning #190: Forking a process while a parallel region is active is potentially unsafe.
[Iter:2800]     Time 1.3770    Loss_Yolo 5.2644e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4680e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02800-val_Loss_Yolo_64.6796.pth
[Iter:2801] LR:9.263274501688284e-05 	    Time 1.3957    Loss_Yolo 6.6318e+01
[Iter:2802] LR:9.2627615090497e-05 	    Time 1.2900    Loss_Yolo 5.6177e+01
[Iter:2803] LR:9.26224835208754e-05 	    Time 1.3268    Loss_Yolo 5.4583e+01
[Iter:2804] LR:9.261735030821593e-05 	    Time 1.2984    Loss_Yolo 5.4587e+01
[Iter:2805] LR:9.261221545271645e-05 	    Time 1.2212    Loss_Yolo 4.6317e+01
[Iter:2806] LR:9.260707895457494e-05 	    Time 1.2921    Loss_Yolo 3.9194e+01
[Iter:2807] LR:9.260194081398941e-05 	    Time 1.3568    Loss_Yolo 7.1328e+01
[Iter:2808] LR:9.2596801031158e-05 	    Time 1.2163    Loss_Yolo 4.5362e+01
[Iter:2809] LR:9.259165960627881e-05 	    Time 1.3984    Loss_Yolo 6.2548e+01
[Iter:2810] LR:9.25865165395501e-05 	    Time 1.3488    Loss_Yolo 3.9165e+01
[Iter:2811] LR:9.258137183117013e-05 	    Time 1.2303    Loss_Yolo 3.8436e+01
[Iter:2812] LR:9.257622548133724e-05 	    Time 1.2691    Loss_Yolo 4.2189e+01
[Iter:2813] LR:9.257107749024986e-05 	    Time 1.4077    Loss_Yolo 5.1145e+01
[Iter:2814] LR:9.256592785810643e-05 	    Time 1.4946    Loss_Yolo 8.7261e+01
[Iter:2815] LR:9.25607765851055e-05 	    Time 1.2804    Loss_Yolo 5.5664e+01
[Iter:2816] LR:9.255562367144568e-05 	    Time 1.3899    Loss_Yolo 6.2893e+01
[Iter:2817] LR:9.255046911732563e-05 	    Time 1.4276    Loss_Yolo 6.8876e+01
[Iter:2818] LR:9.254531292294406e-05 	    Time 1.3083    Loss_Yolo 6.2344e+01
[Iter:2819] LR:9.254015508849973e-05 	    Time 1.2524    Loss_Yolo 4.8004e+01
[Iter:2820] LR:9.253499561419156e-05 	    Time 1.2659    Loss_Yolo 5.2751e+01
[Iter:2821] LR:9.252983450021842e-05 	    Time 1.2475    Loss_Yolo 4.9572e+01
[Iter:2822] LR:9.252467174677929e-05 	    Time 1.2936    Loss_Yolo 5.7382e+01
[Iter:2823] LR:9.251950735407322e-05 	    Time 1.2583    Loss_Yolo 5.7854e+01
[Iter:2824] LR:9.25143413222993e-05 	    Time 1.1950    Loss_Yolo 3.4356e+01
[Iter:2825] LR:9.250917365165671e-05 	    Time 1.1612    Loss_Yolo 3.0163e+01
[Iter:2826] LR:9.250400434234466e-05 	    Time 1.2782    Loss_Yolo 6.4526e+01
[Iter:2827] LR:9.249883339456247e-05 	    Time 1.2588    Loss_Yolo 5.9123e+01
[Iter:2828] LR:9.249366080850948e-05 	    Time 1.2536    Loss_Yolo 4.7205e+01
[Iter:2829] LR:9.248848658438513e-05 	    Time 1.2102    Loss_Yolo 4.5812e+01
[Iter:2830] LR:9.248331072238887e-05 	    Time 1.1780    Loss_Yolo 3.3625e+01
[Iter:2831] LR:9.247813322272027e-05 	    Time 1.2413    Loss_Yolo 4.8777e+01
[Iter:2832] LR:9.247295408557892e-05 	    Time 1.1959    Loss_Yolo 3.2647e+01
[Iter:2833] LR:9.246777331116451e-05 	    Time 1.1973    Loss_Yolo 3.8363e+01
[Iter:2834] LR:9.246259089967677e-05 	    Time 1.2475    Loss_Yolo 4.8414e+01
[Iter:2835] LR:9.24574068513155e-05 	    Time 1.2539    Loss_Yolo 4.6666e+01
[Iter:2836] LR:9.245222116628055e-05 	    Time 1.3163    Loss_Yolo 7.1513e+01
[Iter:2837] LR:9.244703384477185e-05 	    Time 1.2993    Loss_Yolo 7.5800e+01
[Iter:2838] LR:9.24418448869894e-05 	    Time 1.3536    Loss_Yolo 7.5878e+01
[Iter:2839] LR:9.243665429313323e-05 	    Time 1.3219    Loss_Yolo 6.2628e+01
[Iter:2840] LR:9.243146206340346e-05 	    Time 1.1538    Loss_Yolo 3.2481e+01
[Iter:2840]     Time 1.2846    Loss_Yolo 5.2948e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3910e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.91025296379538 to 63.910003662109375
Save model to ./models/Iter-02840-val_Loss_Yolo_63.9100.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02840-val_Loss_Yolo_63.9100.pth
[Iter:2841] LR:9.242626819800029e-05 	    Time 1.1667    Loss_Yolo 2.4442e+01
[Iter:2842] LR:9.242107269712392e-05 	    Time 1.3869    Loss_Yolo 7.8984e+01
[Iter:2843] LR:9.241587556097468e-05 	    Time 1.3382    Loss_Yolo 6.7696e+01
[Iter:2844] LR:9.241067678975292e-05 	    Time 1.2061    Loss_Yolo 3.5518e+01
[Iter:2845] LR:9.24054763836591e-05 	    Time 1.1547    Loss_Yolo 2.7642e+01
[Iter:2846] LR:9.240027434289368e-05 	    Time 1.2296    Loss_Yolo 3.6136e+01
[Iter:2847] LR:9.239507066765722e-05 	    Time 1.2495    Loss_Yolo 4.6671e+01
[Iter:2848] LR:9.238986535815036e-05 	    Time 1.2393    Loss_Yolo 3.8683e+01
[Iter:2849] LR:9.238465841457375e-05 	    Time 1.2484    Loss_Yolo 4.8337e+01
[Iter:2850] LR:9.237944983712814e-05 	    Time 1.3032    Loss_Yolo 5.8133e+01
[Iter:2851] LR:9.237423962601435e-05 	    Time 1.2346    Loss_Yolo 4.4809e+01
[Iter:2852] LR:9.236902778143326e-05 	    Time 1.3663    Loss_Yolo 7.7749e+01
[Iter:2853] LR:9.236381430358578e-05 	    Time 1.2404    Loss_Yolo 4.8422e+01
[Iter:2854] LR:9.235859919267291e-05 	    Time 1.2239    Loss_Yolo 4.1431e+01
[Iter:2855] LR:9.235338244889572e-05 	    Time 1.2950    Loss_Yolo 5.4776e+01
[Iter:2856] LR:9.234816407245533e-05 	    Time 1.3428    Loss_Yolo 7.1770e+01
[Iter:2857] LR:9.234294406355291e-05 	    Time 1.2861    Loss_Yolo 6.0320e+01
[Iter:2858] LR:9.23377224223897e-05 	    Time 1.2046    Loss_Yolo 3.9430e+01
[Iter:2859] LR:9.233249914916705e-05 	    Time 1.2906    Loss_Yolo 6.1360e+01
[Iter:2860] LR:9.232727424408631e-05 	    Time 1.2677    Loss_Yolo 5.6460e+01
[Iter:2861] LR:9.232204770734892e-05 	    Time 1.1311    Loss_Yolo 2.1105e+01
[Iter:2862] LR:9.231681953915639e-05 	    Time 1.3033    Loss_Yolo 6.0551e+01
[Iter:2863] LR:9.231158973971025e-05 	    Time 1.3090    Loss_Yolo 6.4254e+01
[Iter:2864] LR:9.230635830921214e-05 	    Time 1.2682    Loss_Yolo 5.1520e+01
[Iter:2865] LR:9.230112524786378e-05 	    Time 1.3039    Loss_Yolo 5.0739e+01
[Iter:2866] LR:9.229589055586688e-05 	    Time 1.3168    Loss_Yolo 5.6937e+01
[Iter:2867] LR:9.229065423342325e-05 	    Time 1.2353    Loss_Yolo 3.2833e+01
[Iter:2868] LR:9.228541628073482e-05 	    Time 1.2913    Loss_Yolo 5.2367e+01
[Iter:2869] LR:9.228017669800347e-05 	    Time 1.3595    Loss_Yolo 7.1204e+01
[Iter:2870] LR:9.227493548543123e-05 	    Time 1.2240    Loss_Yolo 3.6220e+01
[Iter:2871] LR:9.226969264322017e-05 	    Time 1.3384    Loss_Yolo 6.1493e+01
[Iter:2872] LR:9.226444817157241e-05 	    Time 1.2060    Loss_Yolo 3.1528e+01
[Iter:2873] LR:9.225920207069014e-05 	    Time 1.2395    Loss_Yolo 3.9244e+01
[Iter:2874] LR:9.22539543407756e-05 	    Time 1.2762    Loss_Yolo 5.1373e+01
[Iter:2875] LR:9.224870498203114e-05 	    Time 1.3397    Loss_Yolo 5.7214e+01
[Iter:2876] LR:9.224345399465912e-05 	    Time 1.4201    Loss_Yolo 7.0855e+01
[Iter:2877] LR:9.223820137886196e-05 	    Time 1.2743    Loss_Yolo 5.8098e+01
[Iter:2878] LR:9.22329471348422e-05 	    Time 1.4172    Loss_Yolo 9.8074e+01
[Iter:2879] LR:9.222769126280241e-05 	    Time 1.2135    Loss_Yolo 4.5559e+01
[Iter:2880] LR:9.222243376294518e-05 	    Time 1.3144    Loss_Yolo 5.3131e+01
[Iter:2880]     Time 1.2764    Loss_Yolo 5.2077e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4030e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02880-val_Loss_Yolo_64.0303.pth
[Iter:2881] LR:9.221717463547325e-05 	    Time 13.0393    Loss_Yolo 5.4764e+01
[Iter:2882] LR:9.221191388058934e-05 	    Time 2.3306    Loss_Yolo 7.8258e+01
[Iter:2883] LR:9.220665149849628e-05 	    Time 2.5475    Loss_Yolo 6.3160e+01
[Iter:2884] LR:9.220138748939697e-05 	    Time 1.5099    Loss_Yolo 5.1949e+01
[Iter:2885] LR:9.219612185349435e-05 	    Time 1.2698    Loss_Yolo 4.8125e+01
[Iter:2886] LR:9.219085459099138e-05 	    Time 1.2616    Loss_Yolo 4.0228e+01
[Iter:2887] LR:9.218558570209118e-05 	    Time 1.3360    Loss_Yolo 6.1464e+01
[Iter:2888] LR:9.218031518699687e-05 	    Time 1.4061    Loss_Yolo 7.7319e+01
[Iter:2889] LR:9.217504304591165e-05 	    Time 1.2261    Loss_Yolo 4.0794e+01
[Iter:2890] LR:9.216976927903875e-05 	    Time 1.3002    Loss_Yolo 6.6867e+01
[Iter:2891] LR:9.216449388658153e-05 	    Time 1.6561    Loss_Yolo 4.9855e+01
[Iter:2892] LR:9.215921686874332e-05 	    Time 2.1354    Loss_Yolo 5.9165e+01
[Iter:2893] LR:9.215393822572763e-05 	    Time 2.2385    Loss_Yolo 3.7126e+01
[Iter:2894] LR:9.214865795773792e-05 	    Time 1.9397    Loss_Yolo 3.6400e+01
[Iter:2895] LR:9.214337606497779e-05 	    Time 2.3835    Loss_Yolo 5.2656e+01
[Iter:2896] LR:9.213809254765085e-05 	    Time 2.5639    Loss_Yolo 3.7766e+01
[Iter:2897] LR:9.213280740596082e-05 	    Time 2.1049    Loss_Yolo 8.2261e+01
[Iter:2898] LR:9.212752064011142e-05 	    Time 1.8307    Loss_Yolo 6.3650e+01
[Iter:2899] LR:9.212223225030653e-05 	    Time 1.7446    Loss_Yolo 5.2984e+01
[Iter:2900] LR:9.211694223674999e-05 	    Time 2.0208    Loss_Yolo 4.6664e+01
[Iter:2901] LR:9.211165059964574e-05 	    Time 1.4481    Loss_Yolo 7.3477e+01
[Iter:2902] LR:9.210635733919784e-05 	    Time 1.2806    Loss_Yolo 4.6258e+01
[Iter:2903] LR:9.210106245561031e-05 	    Time 1.1670    Loss_Yolo 2.3223e+01
[Iter:2904] LR:9.209576594908731e-05 	    Time 1.3869    Loss_Yolo 4.7416e+01
[Iter:2905] LR:9.209046781983302e-05 	    Time 1.2878    Loss_Yolo 5.2853e+01
[Iter:2906] LR:9.208516806805171e-05 	    Time 1.2751    Loss_Yolo 4.4744e+01
[Iter:2907] LR:9.207986669394771e-05 	    Time 1.1878    Loss_Yolo 2.7970e+01
[Iter:2908] LR:9.207456369772539e-05 	    Time 1.3752    Loss_Yolo 5.5274e+01
[Iter:2909] LR:9.206925907958922e-05 	    Time 1.2787    Loss_Yolo 4.9506e+01
[Iter:2910] LR:9.206395283974367e-05 	    Time 1.3304    Loss_Yolo 6.4898e+01
[Iter:2911] LR:9.205864497839336e-05 	    Time 1.4454    Loss_Yolo 6.7083e+01
[Iter:2912] LR:9.205333549574289e-05 	    Time 1.4014    Loss_Yolo 6.7929e+01
[Iter:2913] LR:9.204802439199696e-05 	    Time 1.2586    Loss_Yolo 4.3874e+01
[Iter:2914] LR:9.204271166736035e-05 	    Time 1.3091    Loss_Yolo 5.3394e+01
[Iter:2915] LR:9.203739732203786e-05 	    Time 1.3973    Loss_Yolo 7.1295e+01
[Iter:2916] LR:9.20320813562344e-05 	    Time 1.4039    Loss_Yolo 5.4224e+01
[Iter:2917] LR:9.20267637701549e-05 	    Time 1.1469    Loss_Yolo 2.6286e+01
[Iter:2918] LR:9.202144456400435e-05 	    Time 1.2511    Loss_Yolo 2.7687e+01
[Iter:2919] LR:9.201612373798785e-05 	    Time 1.2720    Loss_Yolo 3.9015e+01
[Iter:2920] LR:9.201080129231055e-05 	    Time 1.2782    Loss_Yolo 5.6222e+01
[Iter:2920]     Time 1.8507    Loss_Yolo 5.2352e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4211e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-02920-val_Loss_Yolo_64.2110.pth
[Iter:2921] LR:9.20054772271776e-05 	    Time 1.2435    Loss_Yolo 3.3222e+01
[Iter:2922] LR:9.20001515427943e-05 	    Time 1.2807    Loss_Yolo 5.2239e+01
[Iter:2923] LR:9.199482423936596e-05 	    Time 1.2263    Loss_Yolo 4.4327e+01
[Iter:2924] LR:9.198949531709794e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 5.1919e+01
[Iter:2925] LR:9.198416477619572e-05 	    Time 1.2622    Loss_Yolo 5.2162e+01
[Iter:2926] LR:9.197883261686478e-05 	    Time 1.3403    Loss_Yolo 6.3259e+01
[Iter:2927] LR:9.197349883931074e-05 	    Time 1.2914    Loss_Yolo 6.6852e+01
[Iter:2928] LR:9.196816344373919e-05 	    Time 1.3346    Loss_Yolo 6.3150e+01
[Iter:2929] LR:9.196282643035582e-05 	    Time 1.2829    Loss_Yolo 5.7574e+01
[Iter:2930] LR:9.195748779936643e-05 	    Time 1.2600    Loss_Yolo 4.9169e+01
[Iter:2931] LR:9.19521475509768e-05 	    Time 1.2428    Loss_Yolo 4.4295e+01
[Iter:2932] LR:9.194680568539285e-05 	    Time 1.1447    Loss_Yolo 2.6972e+01
[Iter:2933] LR:9.19414622028205e-05 	    Time 1.1747    Loss_Yolo 3.6938e+01
[Iter:2934] LR:9.193611710346575e-05 	    Time 1.2437    Loss_Yolo 5.4506e+01
[Iter:2935] LR:9.19307703875347e-05 	    Time 1.2405    Loss_Yolo 4.9140e+01
[Iter:2936] LR:9.192542205523345e-05 	    Time 1.2401    Loss_Yolo 5.4391e+01
[Iter:2937] LR:9.192007210676823e-05 	    Time 1.3167    Loss_Yolo 7.7879e+01
[Iter:2938] LR:9.191472054234529e-05 	    Time 1.2078    Loss_Yolo 3.7470e+01
[Iter:2939] LR:9.190936736217092e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 5.3660e+01
[Iter:2940] LR:9.190401256645153e-05 	    Time 1.2645    Loss_Yolo 5.7668e+01
[Iter:2941] LR:9.189865615539356e-05 	    Time 1.2001    Loss_Yolo 3.9884e+01
[Iter:2942] LR:9.18932981292035e-05 	    Time 1.1956    Loss_Yolo 3.4196e+01
[Iter:2943] LR:9.188793848808794e-05 	    Time 1.2193    Loss_Yolo 4.6153e+01
[Iter:2944] LR:9.18825772322535e-05 	    Time 1.2176    Loss_Yolo 4.6020e+01
[Iter:2945] LR:9.187721436190689e-05 	    Time 1.3657    Loss_Yolo 7.1535e+01
[Iter:2946] LR:9.187184987725482e-05 	    Time 1.2299    Loss_Yolo 3.4637e+01
[Iter:2947] LR:9.186648377850417e-05 	    Time 1.2800    Loss_Yolo 4.8580e+01
[Iter:2948] LR:9.186111606586176e-05 	    Time 1.3207    Loss_Yolo 6.0963e+01
[Iter:2949] LR:9.185574673953458e-05 	    Time 1.2713    Loss_Yolo 5.9159e+01
[Iter:2950] LR:9.185037579972962e-05 	    Time 1.2798    Loss_Yolo 4.8170e+01
[Iter:2951] LR:9.184500324665392e-05 	    Time 1.3015    Loss_Yolo 7.1176e+01
[Iter:2952] LR:9.183962908051465e-05 	    Time 1.3261    Loss_Yolo 5.5853e+01
[Iter:2953] LR:9.183425330151898e-05 	    Time 1.2676    Loss_Yolo 4.2143e+01
[Iter:2954] LR:9.182887590987416e-05 	    Time 1.3109    Loss_Yolo 6.6612e+01
[Iter:2955] LR:9.182349690578752e-05 	    Time 1.2160    Loss_Yolo 4.7191e+01
[Iter:2956] LR:9.18181162894664e-05 	    Time 1.2342    Loss_Yolo 4.1104e+01
[Iter:2957] LR:9.18127340611183e-05 	    Time 1.2311    Loss_Yolo 4.6422e+01
[Iter:2958] LR:9.180735022095067e-05 	    Time 1.2804    Loss_Yolo 4.8063e+01
[Iter:2959] LR:9.180196476917108e-05 	    Time 1.2387    Loss_Yolo 4.9283e+01
[Iter:2960] LR:9.17965777059872e-05 	    Time 1.3000    Loss_Yolo 7.0158e+01
[Iter:2960]     Time 1.2600    Loss_Yolo 5.1352e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3729e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.910003662109375 to 63.728730594410614
Save model to ./models/Iter-02960-val_Loss_Yolo_63.7287.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-02960-val_Loss_Yolo_63.7287.pth
[Iter:2961] LR:9.179118903160668e-05 	    Time 1.3572    Loss_Yolo 6.3433e+01
[Iter:2962] LR:9.178579874623727e-05 	    Time 1.2809    Loss_Yolo 5.7226e+01
[Iter:2963] LR:9.17804068500868e-05 	    Time 1.3676    Loss_Yolo 7.5481e+01
[Iter:2964] LR:9.177501334336311e-05 	    Time 1.2956    Loss_Yolo 5.6825e+01
[Iter:2965] LR:9.176961822627419e-05 	    Time 1.2158    Loss_Yolo 3.7089e+01
[Iter:2966] LR:9.176422149902799e-05 	    Time 1.3322    Loss_Yolo 7.8724e+01
[Iter:2967] LR:9.175882316183261e-05 	    Time 1.1920    Loss_Yolo 3.6238e+01
[Iter:2968] LR:9.175342321489615e-05 	    Time 1.2294    Loss_Yolo 4.4709e+01
[Iter:2969] LR:9.174802165842679e-05 	    Time 1.2943    Loss_Yolo 5.3598e+01
[Iter:2970] LR:9.174261849263278e-05 	    Time 1.3246    Loss_Yolo 6.2629e+01
[Iter:2971] LR:9.173721371772244e-05 	    Time 1.2976    Loss_Yolo 5.1216e+01
[Iter:2972] LR:9.173180733390415e-05 	    Time 1.1715    Loss_Yolo 3.1173e+01
[Iter:2973] LR:9.172639934138632e-05 	    Time 1.2774    Loss_Yolo 6.3741e+01
[Iter:2974] LR:9.172098974037743e-05 	    Time 1.2093    Loss_Yolo 3.6718e+01
[Iter:2975] LR:9.17155785310861e-05 	    Time 1.2833    Loss_Yolo 5.5414e+01
[Iter:2976] LR:9.171016571372088e-05 	    Time 1.2875    Loss_Yolo 6.6527e+01
[Iter:2977] LR:9.17047512884905e-05 	    Time 1.2507    Loss_Yolo 6.2698e+01
[Iter:2978] LR:9.169933525560368e-05 	    Time 1.1732    Loss_Yolo 3.0307e+01
[Iter:2979] LR:9.169391761526921e-05 	    Time 1.1560    Loss_Yolo 2.9860e+01
[Iter:2980] LR:9.168849836769601e-05 	    Time 1.2475    Loss_Yolo 6.2885e+01
[Iter:2981] LR:9.168307751309296e-05 	    Time 1.2263    Loss_Yolo 4.3420e+01
[Iter:2982] LR:9.167765505166906e-05 	    Time 1.2222    Loss_Yolo 4.5087e+01
[Iter:2983] LR:9.167223098363337e-05 	    Time 1.1970    Loss_Yolo 4.5009e+01
[Iter:2984] LR:9.166680530919502e-05 	    Time 1.2107    Loss_Yolo 5.1281e+01
[Iter:2985] LR:9.166137802856315e-05 	    Time 1.2026    Loss_Yolo 4.1396e+01
[Iter:2986] LR:9.165594914194703e-05 	    Time 1.2950    Loss_Yolo 6.2090e+01
[Iter:2987] LR:9.165051864955595e-05 	    Time 1.1789    Loss_Yolo 3.5444e+01
[Iter:2988] LR:9.164508655159928e-05 	    Time 1.1899    Loss_Yolo 2.8819e+01
[Iter:2989] LR:9.163965284828645e-05 	    Time 1.3601    Loss_Yolo 8.1314e+01
[Iter:2990] LR:9.16342175398269e-05 	    Time 1.2895    Loss_Yolo 5.9360e+01
[Iter:2991] LR:9.162878062643022e-05 	    Time 1.3322    Loss_Yolo 5.2902e+01
[Iter:2992] LR:9.162334210830604e-05 	    Time 1.2562    Loss_Yolo 4.7146e+01
[Iter:2993] LR:9.161790198566398e-05 	    Time 1.3459    Loss_Yolo 6.9102e+01
[Iter:2994] LR:9.16124602587138e-05 	    Time 1.1806    Loss_Yolo 3.2100e+01
[Iter:2995] LR:9.160701692766529e-05 	    Time 1.2098    Loss_Yolo 4.0632e+01
[Iter:2996] LR:9.160157199272832e-05 	    Time 1.2595    Loss_Yolo 5.8129e+01
[Iter:2997] LR:9.159612545411279e-05 	    Time 1.3721    Loss_Yolo 8.0009e+01
[Iter:2998] LR:9.159067731202871e-05 	    Time 1.2866    Loss_Yolo 5.6087e+01
[Iter:2999] LR:9.158522756668609e-05 	    Time 1.4863    Loss_Yolo 6.9627e+01
[Iter:3000] LR:9.157977621829504e-05 	    Time 1.7960    Loss_Yolo 5.6083e+01
[Iter:3000]     Time 1.2785    Loss_Yolo 5.2788e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3704e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.728730594410614 to 63.704383850097656
Save model to ./models/Iter-03000-val_Loss_Yolo_63.7044.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03000-val_Loss_Yolo_63.7044.pth
[Iter:3001] LR:9.157432326706576e-05 	    Time 1.2054    Loss_Yolo 3.6929e+01
[Iter:3002] LR:9.156886871320844e-05 	    Time 1.1743    Loss_Yolo 3.5779e+01
[Iter:3003] LR:9.156341255693338e-05 	    Time 1.2753    Loss_Yolo 5.4268e+01
[Iter:3004] LR:9.155795479845095e-05 	    Time 1.1775    Loss_Yolo 3.7968e+01
[Iter:3005] LR:9.155249543797154e-05 	    Time 1.2509    Loss_Yolo 4.3938e+01
[Iter:3006] LR:9.154703447570564e-05 	    Time 1.3215    Loss_Yolo 7.0040e+01
[Iter:3007] LR:9.154157191186378e-05 	    Time 1.3750    Loss_Yolo 7.3821e+01
[Iter:3008] LR:9.153610774665657e-05 	    Time 1.3068    Loss_Yolo 4.8209e+01
[Iter:3009] LR:9.153064198029466e-05 	    Time 1.2928    Loss_Yolo 6.3175e+01
[Iter:3010] LR:9.152517461298877e-05 	    Time 1.2216    Loss_Yolo 4.8043e+01
[Iter:3011] LR:9.151970564494969e-05 	    Time 1.2923    Loss_Yolo 5.1293e+01
[Iter:3012] LR:9.151423507638828e-05 	    Time 1.2957    Loss_Yolo 5.0901e+01
[Iter:3013] LR:9.15087629075154e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 4.4042e+01
[Iter:3014] LR:9.150328913854208e-05 	    Time 1.2322    Loss_Yolo 4.9407e+01
[Iter:3015] LR:9.149781376967932e-05 	    Time 1.4658    Loss_Yolo 1.1120e+02
[Iter:3016] LR:9.149233680113822e-05 	    Time 1.3098    Loss_Yolo 7.2458e+01
[Iter:3017] LR:9.148685823312992e-05 	    Time 1.3709    Loss_Yolo 8.8660e+01
[Iter:3018] LR:9.148137806586564e-05 	    Time 1.3091    Loss_Yolo 6.8422e+01
[Iter:3019] LR:9.147589629955668e-05 	    Time 1.1480    Loss_Yolo 2.1619e+01
[Iter:3020] LR:9.147041293441435e-05 	    Time 1.2776    Loss_Yolo 5.7385e+01
[Iter:3021] LR:9.146492797065007e-05 	    Time 1.2654    Loss_Yolo 6.2720e+01
[Iter:3022] LR:9.14594414084753e-05 	    Time 1.3046    Loss_Yolo 6.5544e+01
[Iter:3023] LR:9.145395324810157e-05 	    Time 1.2810    Loss_Yolo 5.8086e+01
[Iter:3024] LR:9.144846348974043e-05 	    Time 1.2532    Loss_Yolo 5.8867e+01
[Iter:3025] LR:9.144297213360357e-05 	    Time 1.2395    Loss_Yolo 4.8905e+01
[Iter:3026] LR:9.143747917990268e-05 	    Time 1.1931    Loss_Yolo 4.2126e+01
[Iter:3027] LR:9.143198462884955e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 4.7662e+01
[Iter:3028] LR:9.142648848065599e-05 	    Time 1.1942    Loss_Yolo 4.1749e+01
[Iter:3029] LR:9.142099073553388e-05 	    Time 1.2479    Loss_Yolo 4.7521e+01
[Iter:3030] LR:9.141549139369522e-05 	    Time 1.1862    Loss_Yolo 3.4151e+01
[Iter:3031] LR:9.140999045535198e-05 	    Time 1.1595    Loss_Yolo 2.6229e+01
[Iter:3032] LR:9.140448792071628e-05 	    Time 1.2736    Loss_Yolo 5.9700e+01
[Iter:3033] LR:9.139898379000022e-05 	    Time 1.1800    Loss_Yolo 3.6980e+01
[Iter:3034] LR:9.139347806341603e-05 	    Time 1.2157    Loss_Yolo 5.3494e+01
[Iter:3035] LR:9.138797074117597e-05 	    Time 1.1513    Loss_Yolo 3.4102e+01
[Iter:3036] LR:9.138246182349237e-05 	    Time 1.3458    Loss_Yolo 6.3968e+01
[Iter:3037] LR:9.13769513105776e-05 	    Time 1.1958    Loss_Yolo 4.3294e+01
[Iter:3038] LR:9.137143920264409e-05 	    Time 1.1706    Loss_Yolo 4.1436e+01
[Iter:3039] LR:9.13659254999044e-05 	    Time 1.2894    Loss_Yolo 6.2509e+01
[Iter:3040] LR:9.136041020257107e-05 	    Time 1.2229    Loss_Yolo 4.7791e+01
[Iter:3040]     Time 1.2533    Loss_Yolo 5.2610e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3928e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03040-val_Loss_Yolo_63.9282.pth
[Iter:3041] LR:9.135489331085672e-05 	    Time 15.8950    Loss_Yolo 6.0778e+01
[Iter:3042] LR:9.134937482497407e-05 	    Time 1.8055    Loss_Yolo 4.5454e+01
[Iter:3043] LR:9.134385474513586e-05 	    Time 1.2928    Loss_Yolo 4.6045e+01
[Iter:3044] LR:9.133833307155491e-05 	    Time 1.3194    Loss_Yolo 6.3221e+01
[Iter:3045] LR:9.133280980444411e-05 	    Time 1.1803    Loss_Yolo 3.6661e+01
[Iter:3046] LR:9.132728494401637e-05 	    Time 1.4820    Loss_Yolo 8.3344e+01
[Iter:3047] LR:9.132175849048472e-05 	    Time 1.3944    Loss_Yolo 6.5032e+01
[Iter:3048] LR:9.131623044406221e-05 	    Time 1.2767    Loss_Yolo 4.9021e+01
[Iter:3049] LR:9.131070080496195e-05 	    Time 1.2591    Loss_Yolo 5.1643e+01
[Iter:3050] LR:9.130516957339715e-05 	    Time 1.2213    Loss_Yolo 4.5838e+01
[Iter:3051] LR:9.129963674958104e-05 	    Time 1.2001    Loss_Yolo 3.3610e+01
[Iter:3052] LR:9.129410233372694e-05 	    Time 1.3183    Loss_Yolo 6.5721e+01
[Iter:3053] LR:9.12885663260482e-05 	    Time 1.2790    Loss_Yolo 4.6692e+01
[Iter:3054] LR:9.128302872675828e-05 	    Time 1.2057    Loss_Yolo 2.5772e+01
[Iter:3055] LR:9.127748953607063e-05 	    Time 1.4066    Loss_Yolo 8.3373e+01
[Iter:3056] LR:9.127194875419885e-05 	    Time 1.2599    Loss_Yolo 4.8733e+01
[Iter:3057] LR:9.126640638135652e-05 	    Time 1.2927    Loss_Yolo 4.8153e+01
[Iter:3058] LR:9.126086241775733e-05 	    Time 1.2873    Loss_Yolo 5.2624e+01
[Iter:3059] LR:9.125531686361501e-05 	    Time 1.2119    Loss_Yolo 3.4763e+01
[Iter:3060] LR:9.124976971914338e-05 	    Time 1.2004    Loss_Yolo 2.6714e+01
[Iter:3061] LR:9.124422098455627e-05 	    Time 1.2577    Loss_Yolo 4.8911e+01
[Iter:3062] LR:9.123867066006762e-05 	    Time 1.1994    Loss_Yolo 3.1004e+01
[Iter:3063] LR:9.12331187458914e-05 	    Time 1.2626    Loss_Yolo 4.2319e+01
[Iter:3064] LR:9.122756524224167e-05 	    Time 1.3632    Loss_Yolo 6.5502e+01
[Iter:3065] LR:9.122201014933252e-05 	    Time 1.3348    Loss_Yolo 5.0696e+01
[Iter:3066] LR:9.121645346737811e-05 	    Time 1.4047    Loss_Yolo 6.9604e+01
[Iter:3067] LR:9.12108951965927e-05 	    Time 1.3452    Loss_Yolo 6.4006e+01
[Iter:3068] LR:9.120533533719056e-05 	    Time 1.3032    Loss_Yolo 5.1774e+01
[Iter:3069] LR:9.119977388938601e-05 	    Time 1.3066    Loss_Yolo 3.4680e+01
[Iter:3070] LR:9.119421085339352e-05 	    Time 1.3781    Loss_Yolo 5.3964e+01
[Iter:3071] LR:9.118864622942752e-05 	    Time 1.3096    Loss_Yolo 4.6010e+01
[Iter:3072] LR:9.118308001770256e-05 	    Time 1.3333    Loss_Yolo 5.4583e+01
[Iter:3073] LR:9.117751221843323e-05 	    Time 1.2319    Loss_Yolo 5.0919e+01
[Iter:3074] LR:9.11719428318342e-05 	    Time 1.2681    Loss_Yolo 4.6553e+01
[Iter:3075] LR:9.116637185812014e-05 	    Time 1.1973    Loss_Yolo 3.9687e+01
[Iter:3076] LR:9.11607992975059e-05 	    Time 1.1737    Loss_Yolo 3.0295e+01
[Iter:3077] LR:9.115522515020626e-05 	    Time 1.4006    Loss_Yolo 7.7058e+01
[Iter:3078] LR:9.114964941643616e-05 	    Time 1.2629    Loss_Yolo 4.9671e+01
[Iter:3079] LR:9.114407209641054e-05 	    Time 1.3967    Loss_Yolo 6.6843e+01
[Iter:3080] LR:9.113849319034442e-05 	    Time 1.2272    Loss_Yolo 4.2085e+01
[Iter:3080]     Time 1.6686    Loss_Yolo 5.0734e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3519e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.704383850097656 to 63.51895545510685
Save model to ./models/Iter-03080-val_Loss_Yolo_63.5190.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03080-val_Loss_Yolo_63.5190.pth
[Iter:3081] LR:9.113291269845289e-05 	    Time 1.2814    Loss_Yolo 4.3615e+01
[Iter:3082] LR:9.11273306209511e-05 	    Time 1.2808    Loss_Yolo 6.0957e+01
[Iter:3083] LR:9.112174695805427e-05 	    Time 1.3764    Loss_Yolo 4.8675e+01
[Iter:3084] LR:9.111616170997764e-05 	    Time 1.5296    Loss_Yolo 7.3526e+01
[Iter:3085] LR:9.111057487693655e-05 	    Time 1.3534    Loss_Yolo 5.8704e+01
[Iter:3086] LR:9.110498645914641e-05 	    Time 1.5438    Loss_Yolo 8.1352e+01
[Iter:3087] LR:9.109939645682264e-05 	    Time 1.2290    Loss_Yolo 4.3537e+01
[Iter:3088] LR:9.109380487018077e-05 	    Time 1.3382    Loss_Yolo 5.8776e+01
[Iter:3089] LR:9.108821169943638e-05 	    Time 1.1826    Loss_Yolo 3.2805e+01
[Iter:3090] LR:9.108261694480508e-05 	    Time 1.3631    Loss_Yolo 7.2546e+01
[Iter:3091] LR:9.107702060650257e-05 	    Time 1.8048    Loss_Yolo 3.7873e+01
[Iter:3092] LR:9.107142268474462e-05 	    Time 2.3855    Loss_Yolo 4.5800e+01
[Iter:3093] LR:9.106582317974705e-05 	    Time 2.2080    Loss_Yolo 3.3069e+01
[Iter:3094] LR:9.106022209172572e-05 	    Time 2.7997    Loss_Yolo 4.9330e+01
[Iter:3095] LR:9.105461942089657e-05 	    Time 2.3967    Loss_Yolo 7.9222e+01
[Iter:3096] LR:9.104901516747564e-05 	    Time 2.6822    Loss_Yolo 8.5689e+01
[Iter:3097] LR:9.104340933167893e-05 	    Time 2.1439    Loss_Yolo 5.9858e+01
[Iter:3098] LR:9.103780191372262e-05 	    Time 1.5825    Loss_Yolo 3.7142e+01
[Iter:3099] LR:9.103219291382286e-05 	    Time 1.7736    Loss_Yolo 3.9494e+01
[Iter:3100] LR:9.10265823321959e-05 	    Time 1.4574    Loss_Yolo 4.1737e+01
[Iter:3101] LR:9.102097016905805e-05 	    Time 1.6499    Loss_Yolo 8.4226e+01
[Iter:3102] LR:9.101535642462569e-05 	    Time 1.3606    Loss_Yolo 5.0665e+01
[Iter:3103] LR:9.10097410991152e-05 	    Time 1.3033    Loss_Yolo 4.2243e+01
[Iter:3104] LR:9.100412419274314e-05 	    Time 1.2281    Loss_Yolo 3.8037e+01
[Iter:3105] LR:9.0998505705726e-05 	    Time 1.2337    Loss_Yolo 4.3123e+01
[Iter:3106] LR:9.09928856382804e-05 	    Time 1.4396    Loss_Yolo 6.1399e+01
[Iter:3107] LR:9.098726399062304e-05 	    Time 1.3610    Loss_Yolo 6.0661e+01
[Iter:3108] LR:9.098164076297063e-05 	    Time 1.4007    Loss_Yolo 7.5432e+01
[Iter:3109] LR:9.097601595553997e-05 	    Time 1.3186    Loss_Yolo 5.8841e+01
[Iter:3110] LR:9.097038956854789e-05 	    Time 1.2133    Loss_Yolo 4.0457e+01
[Iter:3111] LR:9.096476160221134e-05 	    Time 1.4305    Loss_Yolo 7.0501e+01
[Iter:3112] LR:9.09591320567473e-05 	    Time 1.2296    Loss_Yolo 4.6001e+01
[Iter:3113] LR:9.095350093237277e-05 	    Time 1.2883    Loss_Yolo 4.9235e+01
[Iter:3114] LR:9.094786822930485e-05 	    Time 1.4142    Loss_Yolo 5.6019e+01
[Iter:3115] LR:9.094223394776075e-05 	    Time 1.3838    Loss_Yolo 6.7909e+01
[Iter:3116] LR:9.093659808795763e-05 	    Time 1.2652    Loss_Yolo 4.9956e+01
[Iter:3117] LR:9.09309606501128e-05 	    Time 1.2754    Loss_Yolo 4.5459e+01
[Iter:3118] LR:9.09253216344436e-05 	    Time 1.4034    Loss_Yolo 5.2320e+01
[Iter:3119] LR:9.091968104116742e-05 	    Time 1.1277    Loss_Yolo 2.0806e+01
[Iter:3120] LR:9.091403887050172e-05 	    Time 1.3051    Loss_Yolo 5.4124e+01
[Iter:3120]     Time 1.5336    Loss_Yolo 5.3778e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3438e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.51895545510685 to 63.43817385505228
Save model to ./models/Iter-03120-val_Loss_Yolo_63.4382.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03120-val_Loss_Yolo_63.4382.pth
[Iter:3121] LR:9.090839512266404e-05 	    Time 1.2301    Loss_Yolo 4.3486e+01
[Iter:3122] LR:9.090274979787198e-05 	    Time 1.2287    Loss_Yolo 4.9817e+01
[Iter:3123] LR:9.089710289634313e-05 	    Time 1.2359    Loss_Yolo 4.1433e+01
[Iter:3124] LR:9.089145441829524e-05 	    Time 1.2617    Loss_Yolo 5.5944e+01
[Iter:3125] LR:9.088580436394606e-05 	    Time 1.2823    Loss_Yolo 6.6156e+01
[Iter:3126] LR:9.088015273351343e-05 	    Time 1.3484    Loss_Yolo 5.8290e+01
[Iter:3127] LR:9.087449952721523e-05 	    Time 1.1879    Loss_Yolo 4.0425e+01
[Iter:3128] LR:9.086884474526939e-05 	    Time 1.2530    Loss_Yolo 5.3660e+01
[Iter:3129] LR:9.086318838789396e-05 	    Time 1.2007    Loss_Yolo 3.4521e+01
[Iter:3130] LR:9.085753045530697e-05 	    Time 1.2468    Loss_Yolo 4.3088e+01
[Iter:3131] LR:9.085187094772659e-05 	    Time 1.3124    Loss_Yolo 4.7469e+01
[Iter:3132] LR:9.084620986537099e-05 	    Time 1.2578    Loss_Yolo 4.5523e+01
[Iter:3133] LR:9.084054720845841e-05 	    Time 1.3284    Loss_Yolo 6.1074e+01
[Iter:3134] LR:9.083488297720717e-05 	    Time 1.2678    Loss_Yolo 4.5255e+01
[Iter:3135] LR:9.082921717183567e-05 	    Time 1.2608    Loss_Yolo 5.2686e+01
[Iter:3136] LR:9.082354979256231e-05 	    Time 1.2635    Loss_Yolo 5.6744e+01
[Iter:3137] LR:9.081788083960562e-05 	    Time 1.2880    Loss_Yolo 5.6404e+01
[Iter:3138] LR:9.081221031318413e-05 	    Time 1.2103    Loss_Yolo 3.8010e+01
[Iter:3139] LR:9.080653821351646e-05 	    Time 1.1616    Loss_Yolo 2.9545e+01
[Iter:3140] LR:9.080086454082128e-05 	    Time 1.1298    Loss_Yolo 2.0923e+01
[Iter:3141] LR:9.079518929531735e-05 	    Time 1.2496    Loss_Yolo 6.3525e+01
[Iter:3142] LR:9.078951247722345e-05 	    Time 1.1902    Loss_Yolo 3.8955e+01
[Iter:3143] LR:9.078383408675846e-05 	    Time 1.1149    Loss_Yolo 2.5712e+01
[Iter:3144] LR:9.077815412414127e-05 	    Time 1.1782    Loss_Yolo 3.6658e+01
[Iter:3145] LR:9.077247258959089e-05 	    Time 1.2548    Loss_Yolo 6.4216e+01
[Iter:3146] LR:9.076678948332635e-05 	    Time 1.2094    Loss_Yolo 5.5178e+01
[Iter:3147] LR:9.076110480556674e-05 	    Time 1.2677    Loss_Yolo 6.6928e+01
[Iter:3148] LR:9.075541855653121e-05 	    Time 1.3214    Loss_Yolo 7.8809e+01
[Iter:3149] LR:9.074973073643905e-05 	    Time 1.2595    Loss_Yolo 7.4305e+01
[Iter:3150] LR:9.074404134550947e-05 	    Time 1.2184    Loss_Yolo 5.5169e+01
[Iter:3151] LR:9.073835038396183e-05 	    Time 1.3106    Loss_Yolo 6.9285e+01
[Iter:3152] LR:9.073265785201558e-05 	    Time 1.2522    Loss_Yolo 5.5935e+01
[Iter:3153] LR:9.072696374989013e-05 	    Time 1.3131    Loss_Yolo 7.4069e+01
[Iter:3154] LR:9.072126807780502e-05 	    Time 1.2712    Loss_Yolo 6.5513e+01
[Iter:3155] LR:9.071557083597985e-05 	    Time 1.3001    Loss_Yolo 5.8773e+01
[Iter:3156] LR:9.070987202463427e-05 	    Time 1.2212    Loss_Yolo 4.2745e+01
[Iter:3157] LR:9.070417164398795e-05 	    Time 1.2127    Loss_Yolo 5.6368e+01
[Iter:3158] LR:9.069846969426069e-05 	    Time 1.1912    Loss_Yolo 4.7734e+01
[Iter:3159] LR:9.069276617567234e-05 	    Time 1.2044    Loss_Yolo 4.7671e+01
[Iter:3160] LR:9.068706108844274e-05 	    Time 1.0996    Loss_Yolo 2.2686e+01
[Iter:3160]     Time 1.2399    Loss_Yolo 5.1017e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4334e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03160-val_Loss_Yolo_64.3336.pth
[Iter:3161] LR:9.068135443279185e-05 	    Time 1.1997    Loss_Yolo 3.6713e+01
[Iter:3162] LR:9.06756462089397e-05 	    Time 1.3274    Loss_Yolo 6.9290e+01
[Iter:3163] LR:9.066993641710634e-05 	    Time 1.2635    Loss_Yolo 6.3584e+01
[Iter:3164] LR:9.066422505751193e-05 	    Time 1.2312    Loss_Yolo 5.7944e+01
[Iter:3165] LR:9.065851213037661e-05 	    Time 1.2156    Loss_Yolo 4.8993e+01
[Iter:3166] LR:9.065279763592068e-05 	    Time 1.1854    Loss_Yolo 3.2567e+01
[Iter:3167] LR:9.064708157436444e-05 	    Time 1.1595    Loss_Yolo 3.1152e+01
[Iter:3168] LR:9.064136394592825e-05 	    Time 1.3280    Loss_Yolo 6.3535e+01
[Iter:3169] LR:9.063564475083253e-05 	    Time 1.2734    Loss_Yolo 7.0423e+01
[Iter:3170] LR:9.062992398929781e-05 	    Time 1.1691    Loss_Yolo 3.5936e+01
[Iter:3171] LR:9.062420166154462e-05 	    Time 1.3639    Loss_Yolo 7.9867e+01
[Iter:3172] LR:9.061847776779357e-05 	    Time 1.2705    Loss_Yolo 4.7673e+01
[Iter:3173] LR:9.061275230826536e-05 	    Time 1.2625    Loss_Yolo 5.0071e+01
[Iter:3174] LR:9.060702528318068e-05 	    Time 1.3173    Loss_Yolo 7.7292e+01
[Iter:3175] LR:9.060129669276036e-05 	    Time 1.1841    Loss_Yolo 3.1610e+01
[Iter:3176] LR:9.059556653722526e-05 	    Time 1.3756    Loss_Yolo 6.8456e+01
[Iter:3177] LR:9.058983481679627e-05 	    Time 1.3222    Loss_Yolo 6.9043e+01
[Iter:3178] LR:9.058410153169439e-05 	    Time 1.2501    Loss_Yolo 5.1046e+01
[Iter:3179] LR:9.057836668214062e-05 	    Time 1.2249    Loss_Yolo 4.3863e+01
[Iter:3180] LR:9.05726302683561e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 4.0708e+01
[Iter:3181] LR:9.056689229056197e-05 	    Time 1.2588    Loss_Yolo 4.9477e+01
[Iter:3182] LR:9.056115274897942e-05 	    Time 1.3526    Loss_Yolo 7.9813e+01
[Iter:3183] LR:9.055541164382977e-05 	    Time 1.2561    Loss_Yolo 4.9163e+01
[Iter:3184] LR:9.054966897533433e-05 	    Time 1.3008    Loss_Yolo 5.8913e+01
[Iter:3185] LR:9.054392474371452e-05 	    Time 1.1924    Loss_Yolo 4.3349e+01
[Iter:3186] LR:9.053817894919177e-05 	    Time 1.2647    Loss_Yolo 5.5555e+01
[Iter:3187] LR:9.053243159198762e-05 	    Time 1.2538    Loss_Yolo 4.7744e+01
[Iter:3188] LR:9.052668267232364e-05 	    Time 1.1813    Loss_Yolo 3.7431e+01
[Iter:3189] LR:9.052093219042147e-05 	    Time 1.2526    Loss_Yolo 5.1583e+01
[Iter:3190] LR:9.051518014650283e-05 	    Time 1.2964    Loss_Yolo 6.3493e+01
[Iter:3191] LR:9.050942654078943e-05 	    Time 1.4240    Loss_Yolo 6.0067e+01
[Iter:3192] LR:9.050367137350315e-05 	    Time 1.4997    Loss_Yolo 2.6556e+01
[Iter:3193] LR:9.049791464486581e-05 	    Time 1.3955    Loss_Yolo 7.2817e+01
[Iter:3194] LR:9.049215635509939e-05 	    Time 1.2494    Loss_Yolo 3.8320e+01
[Iter:3195] LR:9.048639650442588e-05 	    Time 1.2446    Loss_Yolo 5.1456e+01
[Iter:3196] LR:9.048063509306734e-05 	    Time 1.2042    Loss_Yolo 3.8425e+01
[Iter:3197] LR:9.04748721212459e-05 	    Time 1.2895    Loss_Yolo 5.7717e+01
[Iter:3198] LR:9.046910758918371e-05 	    Time 1.2766    Loss_Yolo 6.4522e+01
[Iter:3199] LR:9.046334149710305e-05 	    Time 1.3973    Loss_Yolo 3.7459e+01
[Iter:3200] LR:9.045757384522618e-05 	    Time 1.6282    Loss_Yolo 3.9540e+01
[Iter:3200]     Time 1.2847    Loss_Yolo 5.2329e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.4258e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03200-val_Loss_Yolo_64.2576.pth
[Iter:3201] LR:9.045180463377551e-05 	    Time 12.1029    Loss_Yolo 6.2356e+01
[Iter:3202] LR:9.04460338629734e-05 	    Time 3.0974    Loss_Yolo 4.0027e+01
[Iter:3203] LR:9.044026153304241e-05 	    Time 1.9498    Loss_Yolo 4.3932e+01
[Iter:3204] LR:9.043448764420501e-05 	    Time 1.6102    Loss_Yolo 6.9258e+01
[Iter:3205] LR:9.042871219668384e-05 	    Time 1.3724    Loss_Yolo 5.5095e+01
[Iter:3206] LR:9.042293519070154e-05 	    Time 1.2890    Loss_Yolo 4.7005e+01
[Iter:3207] LR:9.041715662648084e-05 	    Time 1.2021    Loss_Yolo 3.7686e+01
[Iter:3208] LR:9.041137650424454e-05 	    Time 1.3768    Loss_Yolo 7.7690e+01
[Iter:3209] LR:9.040559482421546e-05 	    Time 1.1468    Loss_Yolo 2.8218e+01
[Iter:3210] LR:9.03998115866165e-05 	    Time 1.3190    Loss_Yolo 5.0656e+01
[Iter:3211] LR:9.039402679167064e-05 	    Time 1.2884    Loss_Yolo 5.5544e+01
[Iter:3212] LR:9.038824043960089e-05 	    Time 1.3709    Loss_Yolo 6.0679e+01
[Iter:3213] LR:9.038245253063034e-05 	    Time 1.3303    Loss_Yolo 6.9131e+01
[Iter:3214] LR:9.03766630649821e-05 	    Time 1.2055    Loss_Yolo 4.2701e+01
[Iter:3215] LR:9.037087204287943e-05 	    Time 1.2467    Loss_Yolo 4.9261e+01
[Iter:3216] LR:9.036507946454555e-05 	    Time 1.4028    Loss_Yolo 4.7066e+01
[Iter:3217] LR:9.035928533020378e-05 	    Time 1.1971    Loss_Yolo 2.8886e+01
[Iter:3218] LR:9.035348964007753e-05 	    Time 1.3618    Loss_Yolo 7.5951e+01
[Iter:3219] LR:9.034769239439023e-05 	    Time 1.1875    Loss_Yolo 3.4558e+01
[Iter:3220] LR:9.034189359336537e-05 	    Time 1.2826    Loss_Yolo 5.9947e+01
[Iter:3221] LR:9.03360932372265e-05 	    Time 1.2427    Loss_Yolo 4.2169e+01
[Iter:3222] LR:9.03302913261973e-05 	    Time 1.2371    Loss_Yolo 4.7230e+01
[Iter:3223] LR:9.03244878605014e-05 	    Time 1.4260    Loss_Yolo 7.7371e+01
[Iter:3224] LR:9.031868284036255e-05 	    Time 1.1724    Loss_Yolo 2.6072e+01
[Iter:3225] LR:9.031287626600457e-05 	    Time 1.2179    Loss_Yolo 4.2138e+01
[Iter:3226] LR:9.03070681376513e-05 	    Time 1.1606    Loss_Yolo 3.1279e+01
[Iter:3227] LR:9.030125845552666e-05 	    Time 1.2219    Loss_Yolo 3.9722e+01
[Iter:3228] LR:9.029544721985467e-05 	    Time 1.1515    Loss_Yolo 2.1661e+01
[Iter:3229] LR:9.028963443085934e-05 	    Time 1.2863    Loss_Yolo 4.8992e+01
[Iter:3230] LR:9.028382008876476e-05 	    Time 1.1972    Loss_Yolo 3.1134e+01
[Iter:3231] LR:9.027800419379512e-05 	    Time 1.2853    Loss_Yolo 5.3487e+01
[Iter:3232] LR:9.027218674617461e-05 	    Time 1.2572    Loss_Yolo 5.9848e+01
[Iter:3233] LR:9.026636774612754e-05 	    Time 1.1688    Loss_Yolo 2.6673e+01
[Iter:3234] LR:9.026054719387824e-05 	    Time 1.2751    Loss_Yolo 4.2973e+01
[Iter:3235] LR:9.025472508965112e-05 	    Time 1.2712    Loss_Yolo 4.0509e+01
[Iter:3236] LR:9.024890143367062e-05 	    Time 1.2732    Loss_Yolo 4.3076e+01
[Iter:3237] LR:9.024307622616127e-05 	    Time 1.1478    Loss_Yolo 2.3436e+01
[Iter:3238] LR:9.023724946734766e-05 	    Time 1.2469    Loss_Yolo 4.4072e+01
[Iter:3239] LR:9.02314211574544e-05 	    Time 1.2252    Loss_Yolo 3.7588e+01
[Iter:3240] LR:9.022559129670623e-05 	    Time 1.2934    Loss_Yolo 5.8888e+01
[Iter:3240]     Time 1.6024    Loss_Yolo 4.6849e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3528e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03240-val_Loss_Yolo_63.5283.pth
[Iter:3241] LR:9.021975988532788e-05 	    Time 1.4168    Loss_Yolo 6.9690e+01
[Iter:3242] LR:9.021392692354417e-05 	    Time 1.2177    Loss_Yolo 4.2588e+01
[Iter:3243] LR:9.020809241158e-05 	    Time 1.2642    Loss_Yolo 4.9534e+01
[Iter:3244] LR:9.020225634966029e-05 	    Time 1.3309    Loss_Yolo 5.1326e+01
[Iter:3245] LR:9.019641873801006e-05 	    Time 1.4099    Loss_Yolo 8.0619e+01
[Iter:3246] LR:9.019057957685435e-05 	    Time 1.3852    Loss_Yolo 7.1826e+01
[Iter:3247] LR:9.018473886641829e-05 	    Time 1.3639    Loss_Yolo 7.3982e+01
[Iter:3248] LR:9.017889660692703e-05 	    Time 1.2841    Loss_Yolo 4.4553e+01
[Iter:3249] LR:9.017305279860582e-05 	    Time 1.3362    Loss_Yolo 6.3991e+01
[Iter:3250] LR:9.016720744167998e-05 	    Time 1.2463    Loss_Yolo 3.9760e+01
[Iter:3251] LR:9.016136053637484e-05 	    Time 1.4084    Loss_Yolo 8.5505e+01
[Iter:3252] LR:9.015551208291585e-05 	    Time 1.4459    Loss_Yolo 7.7830e+01
[Iter:3253] LR:9.014966208152844e-05 	    Time 1.2416    Loss_Yolo 4.6238e+01
[Iter:3254] LR:9.014381053243817e-05 	    Time 1.2936    Loss_Yolo 6.1692e+01
[Iter:3255] LR:9.013795743587064e-05 	    Time 1.3626    Loss_Yolo 7.4124e+01
[Iter:3256] LR:9.01321027920515e-05 	    Time 1.2837    Loss_Yolo 5.0031e+01
[Iter:3257] LR:9.012624660120648e-05 	    Time 1.1592    Loss_Yolo 2.9639e+01
[Iter:3258] LR:9.012038886356133e-05 	    Time 1.2245    Loss_Yolo 5.1323e+01
[Iter:3259] LR:9.011452957934188e-05 	    Time 1.1809    Loss_Yolo 2.8176e+01
[Iter:3260] LR:9.010866874877406e-05 	    Time 1.2298    Loss_Yolo 3.9351e+01
[Iter:3261] LR:9.010280637208378e-05 	    Time 1.3828    Loss_Yolo 6.4257e+01
[Iter:3262] LR:9.009694244949709e-05 	    Time 1.3403    Loss_Yolo 6.4081e+01
[Iter:3263] LR:9.009107698124006e-05 	    Time 1.2652    Loss_Yolo 5.2915e+01
[Iter:3264] LR:9.008520996753877e-05 	    Time 1.2524    Loss_Yolo 4.6458e+01
[Iter:3265] LR:9.007934140861948e-05 	    Time 1.2612    Loss_Yolo 5.3400e+01
[Iter:3266] LR:9.007347130470841e-05 	    Time 1.4797    Loss_Yolo 6.2116e+01
[Iter:3267] LR:9.006759965603186e-05 	    Time 1.2266    Loss_Yolo 4.0686e+01
[Iter:3268] LR:9.006172646281623e-05 	    Time 1.2791    Loss_Yolo 5.6756e+01
[Iter:3269] LR:9.005585172528792e-05 	    Time 1.2142    Loss_Yolo 3.3308e+01
[Iter:3270] LR:9.004997544367344e-05 	    Time 1.4146    Loss_Yolo 6.7876e+01
[Iter:3271] LR:9.004409761819932e-05 	    Time 1.2243    Loss_Yolo 4.1102e+01
[Iter:3272] LR:9.00382182490922e-05 	    Time 1.2919    Loss_Yolo 5.6315e+01
[Iter:3273] LR:9.003233733657872e-05 	    Time 1.3942    Loss_Yolo 6.0924e+01
[Iter:3274] LR:9.002645488088563e-05 	    Time 1.2792    Loss_Yolo 5.9364e+01
[Iter:3275] LR:9.00205708822397e-05 	    Time 1.2199    Loss_Yolo 3.8910e+01
[Iter:3276] LR:9.001468534086777e-05 	    Time 1.2750    Loss_Yolo 4.6311e+01
[Iter:3277] LR:9.000879825699675e-05 	    Time 1.1917    Loss_Yolo 3.8197e+01
[Iter:3278] LR:9.000290963085363e-05 	    Time 1.1958    Loss_Yolo 2.2327e+01
[Iter:3279] LR:8.99970194626654e-05 	    Time 1.3897    Loss_Yolo 7.1070e+01
[Iter:3280] LR:8.999112775265919e-05 	    Time 1.4475    Loss_Yolo 7.3385e+01
[Iter:3280]     Time 1.3028    Loss_Yolo 5.4538e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3527e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03280-val_Loss_Yolo_63.5267.pth
[Iter:3281] LR:8.998523450106211e-05 	    Time 1.3583    Loss_Yolo 7.6267e+01
[Iter:3282] LR:8.997933970810134e-05 	    Time 1.1885    Loss_Yolo 3.1027e+01
[Iter:3283] LR:8.997344337400419e-05 	    Time 1.2612    Loss_Yolo 6.0258e+01
[Iter:3284] LR:8.996754549899797e-05 	    Time 1.3082    Loss_Yolo 5.7435e+01
[Iter:3285] LR:8.996164608331006e-05 	    Time 1.2679    Loss_Yolo 3.6420e+01
[Iter:3286] LR:8.99557451271679e-05 	    Time 1.5228    Loss_Yolo 6.0551e+01
[Iter:3287] LR:8.994984263079896e-05 	    Time 1.2772    Loss_Yolo 4.7042e+01
[Iter:3288] LR:8.994393859443084e-05 	    Time 1.2481    Loss_Yolo 4.6953e+01
[Iter:3289] LR:8.993803301829115e-05 	    Time 1.1849    Loss_Yolo 2.3423e+01
[Iter:3290] LR:8.993212590260756e-05 	    Time 1.2122    Loss_Yolo 4.0143e+01
[Iter:3291] LR:8.992621724760782e-05 	    Time 1.2289    Loss_Yolo 3.9320e+01
[Iter:3292] LR:8.992030705351973e-05 	    Time 1.2813    Loss_Yolo 4.7763e+01
[Iter:3293] LR:8.991439532057111e-05 	    Time 1.2482    Loss_Yolo 4.9973e+01
[Iter:3294] LR:8.990848204898991e-05 	    Time 1.5292    Loss_Yolo 5.4703e+01
[Iter:3295] LR:8.990256723900411e-05 	    Time 2.1058    Loss_Yolo 3.2391e+01
[Iter:3296] LR:8.989665089084173e-05 	    Time 1.9690    Loss_Yolo 4.4110e+01
[Iter:3297] LR:8.989073300473086e-05 	    Time 1.9876    Loss_Yolo 2.6729e+01
[Iter:3298] LR:8.988481358089967e-05 	    Time 2.2854    Loss_Yolo 6.8142e+01
[Iter:3299] LR:8.987889261957635e-05 	    Time 1.9931    Loss_Yolo 3.2137e+01
[Iter:3300] LR:8.987297012098917e-05 	    Time 1.8201    Loss_Yolo 5.4846e+01
[Iter:3301] LR:8.986704608536649e-05 	    Time 1.6652    Loss_Yolo 5.5026e+01
[Iter:3302] LR:8.986112051293669e-05 	    Time 2.0246    Loss_Yolo 7.2328e+01
[Iter:3303] LR:8.985519340392822e-05 	    Time 1.9036    Loss_Yolo 9.0461e+01
[Iter:3304] LR:8.984926475856956e-05 	    Time 1.3163    Loss_Yolo 4.9041e+01
[Iter:3305] LR:8.984333457708931e-05 	    Time 1.3556    Loss_Yolo 4.9960e+01
[Iter:3306] LR:8.983740285971609e-05 	    Time 1.3421    Loss_Yolo 6.2554e+01
[Iter:3307] LR:8.983146960667856e-05 	    Time 1.4261    Loss_Yolo 7.8744e+01
[Iter:3308] LR:8.982553481820552e-05 	    Time 1.4223    Loss_Yolo 7.6560e+01
[Iter:3309] LR:8.981959849452574e-05 	    Time 1.2160    Loss_Yolo 3.7731e+01
[Iter:3310] LR:8.981366063586807e-05 	    Time 1.3055    Loss_Yolo 5.3988e+01
[Iter:3311] LR:8.980772124246147e-05 	    Time 1.3186    Loss_Yolo 4.4422e+01
[Iter:3312] LR:8.980178031453489e-05 	    Time 1.2818    Loss_Yolo 3.9434e+01
[Iter:3313] LR:8.97958378523174e-05 	    Time 1.4730    Loss_Yolo 7.1360e+01
[Iter:3314] LR:8.978989385603807e-05 	    Time 1.3119    Loss_Yolo 5.4527e+01
[Iter:3315] LR:8.978394832592608e-05 	    Time 1.3063    Loss_Yolo 5.6079e+01
[Iter:3316] LR:8.977800126221064e-05 	    Time 1.2685    Loss_Yolo 4.0210e+01
[Iter:3317] LR:8.977205266512104e-05 	    Time 1.2907    Loss_Yolo 4.8580e+01
[Iter:3318] LR:8.97661025348866e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 5.3308e+01
[Iter:3319] LR:8.976015087173674e-05 	    Time 1.2286    Loss_Yolo 5.6794e+01
[Iter:3320] LR:8.975419767590088e-05 	    Time 1.2808    Loss_Yolo 5.2344e+01
[Iter:3320]     Time 1.4565    Loss_Yolo 5.1827e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3269e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.43817385505228 to 63.26894288904526
Save model to ./models/Iter-03320-val_Loss_Yolo_63.2689.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03320-val_Loss_Yolo_63.2689.pth
[Iter:3321] LR:8.974824294760857e-05 	    Time 1.3116    Loss_Yolo 6.1124e+01
[Iter:3322] LR:8.974228668708936e-05 	    Time 1.4046    Loss_Yolo 7.2486e+01
[Iter:3323] LR:8.97363288945729e-05 	    Time 1.2679    Loss_Yolo 6.0302e+01
[Iter:3324] LR:8.973036957028888e-05 	    Time 1.2650    Loss_Yolo 5.0976e+01
[Iter:3325] LR:8.972440871446701e-05 	    Time 1.1694    Loss_Yolo 2.6170e+01
[Iter:3326] LR:8.971844632733715e-05 	    Time 1.2561    Loss_Yolo 4.5875e+01
[Iter:3327] LR:8.971248240912916e-05 	    Time 1.3046    Loss_Yolo 5.8232e+01
[Iter:3328] LR:8.970651696007296e-05 	    Time 1.2697    Loss_Yolo 5.3489e+01
[Iter:3329] LR:8.970054998039853e-05 	    Time 1.2541    Loss_Yolo 4.3117e+01
[Iter:3330] LR:8.969458147033592e-05 	    Time 1.3158    Loss_Yolo 6.0661e+01
[Iter:3331] LR:8.968861143011524e-05 	    Time 1.2265    Loss_Yolo 4.9382e+01
[Iter:3332] LR:8.968263985996666e-05 	    Time 1.3928    Loss_Yolo 8.0590e+01
[Iter:3333] LR:8.967666676012038e-05 	    Time 1.3443    Loss_Yolo 6.8447e+01
[Iter:3334] LR:8.96706921308067e-05 	    Time 1.1629    Loss_Yolo 2.7906e+01
[Iter:3335] LR:8.966471597225596e-05 	    Time 1.1990    Loss_Yolo 4.0426e+01
[Iter:3336] LR:8.965873828469854e-05 	    Time 1.3333    Loss_Yolo 6.8627e+01
[Iter:3337] LR:8.965275906836494e-05 	    Time 1.3973    Loss_Yolo 8.8795e+01
[Iter:3338] LR:8.964677832348563e-05 	    Time 1.4610    Loss_Yolo 7.9481e+01
[Iter:3339] LR:8.964079605029123e-05 	    Time 1.2804    Loss_Yolo 5.6286e+01
[Iter:3340] LR:8.963481224901233e-05 	    Time 1.2060    Loss_Yolo 4.3566e+01
[Iter:3341] LR:8.962882691987966e-05 	    Time 1.2165    Loss_Yolo 3.3761e+01
[Iter:3342] LR:8.962284006312397e-05 	    Time 1.2421    Loss_Yolo 3.6006e+01
[Iter:3343] LR:8.961685167897605e-05 	    Time 1.2649    Loss_Yolo 4.4538e+01
[Iter:3344] LR:8.961086176766679e-05 	    Time 1.1401    Loss_Yolo 2.9351e+01
[Iter:3345] LR:8.96048703294271e-05 	    Time 1.4137    Loss_Yolo 7.5508e+01
[Iter:3346] LR:8.9598877364488e-05 	    Time 1.2724    Loss_Yolo 5.4323e+01
[Iter:3347] LR:8.959288287308053e-05 	    Time 1.2499    Loss_Yolo 5.3957e+01
[Iter:3348] LR:8.958688685543576e-05 	    Time 1.3377    Loss_Yolo 7.3076e+01
[Iter:3349] LR:8.95808893117849e-05 	    Time 1.2684    Loss_Yolo 4.8118e+01
[Iter:3350] LR:8.957489024235915e-05 	    Time 1.2162    Loss_Yolo 4.4564e+01
[Iter:3351] LR:8.956888964738982e-05 	    Time 1.1611    Loss_Yolo 3.0448e+01
[Iter:3352] LR:8.956288752710821e-05 	    Time 1.1733    Loss_Yolo 3.5566e+01
[Iter:3353] LR:8.955688388174574e-05 	    Time 1.2956    Loss_Yolo 7.4236e+01
[Iter:3354] LR:8.955087871153388e-05 	    Time 1.2344    Loss_Yolo 5.3330e+01
[Iter:3355] LR:8.954487201670415e-05 	    Time 1.4071    Loss_Yolo 7.3765e+01
[Iter:3356] LR:8.953886379748811e-05 	    Time 1.2376    Loss_Yolo 5.4212e+01
[Iter:3357] LR:8.953285405411738e-05 	    Time 1.1957    Loss_Yolo 4.2651e+01
[Iter:3358] LR:8.952684278682371e-05 	    Time 1.1312    Loss_Yolo 2.7711e+01
[Iter:3359] LR:8.95208299958388e-05 	    Time 1.2660    Loss_Yolo 4.7474e+01
[Iter:3360] LR:8.95148156813945e-05 	    Time 1.2816    Loss_Yolo 5.6845e+01
[Iter:3360]     Time 1.2707    Loss_Yolo 5.3134e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3129e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.26894288904526 to 63.129082848044
Save model to ./models/Iter-03360-val_Loss_Yolo_63.1291.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03360-val_Loss_Yolo_63.1291.pth
[Iter:3361] LR:8.950879984372264e-05 	    Time 14.1848    Loss_Yolo 3.9661e+01
[Iter:3362] LR:8.95027824830552e-05 	    Time 2.1904    Loss_Yolo 5.0447e+01
[Iter:3363] LR:8.949676359962411e-05 	    Time 1.7937    Loss_Yolo 6.4504e+01
[Iter:3364] LR:8.949074319366146e-05 	    Time 1.3067    Loss_Yolo 5.4243e+01
[Iter:3365] LR:8.948472126539935e-05 	    Time 1.2459    Loss_Yolo 4.1516e+01
[Iter:3366] LR:8.947869781506994e-05 	    Time 1.3355    Loss_Yolo 5.0230e+01
[Iter:3367] LR:8.947267284290543e-05 	    Time 1.3610    Loss_Yolo 5.7461e+01
[Iter:3368] LR:8.946664634913814e-05 	    Time 1.3231    Loss_Yolo 5.6393e+01
[Iter:3369] LR:8.946061833400039e-05 	    Time 1.2376    Loss_Yolo 3.6065e+01
[Iter:3370] LR:8.945458879772457e-05 	    Time 1.4681    Loss_Yolo 7.1862e+01
[Iter:3371] LR:8.944855774054315e-05 	    Time 1.2600    Loss_Yolo 4.0860e+01
[Iter:3372] LR:8.944252516268866e-05 	    Time 1.2908    Loss_Yolo 6.7950e+01
[Iter:3373] LR:8.943649106439366e-05 	    Time 1.2859    Loss_Yolo 4.5889e+01
[Iter:3374] LR:8.943045544589076e-05 	    Time 1.1740    Loss_Yolo 2.5649e+01
[Iter:3375] LR:8.942441830741269e-05 	    Time 1.2208    Loss_Yolo 4.7293e+01
[Iter:3376] LR:8.941837964919219e-05 	    Time 1.3750    Loss_Yolo 7.8167e+01
[Iter:3377] LR:8.941233947146204e-05 	    Time 1.2920    Loss_Yolo 5.1564e+01
[Iter:3378] LR:8.940629777445518e-05 	    Time 1.4592    Loss_Yolo 8.2332e+01
[Iter:3379] LR:8.940025455840444e-05 	    Time 1.3350    Loss_Yolo 6.7849e+01
[Iter:3380] LR:8.939420982354289e-05 	    Time 1.1603    Loss_Yolo 2.6561e+01
[Iter:3381] LR:8.938816357010351e-05 	    Time 1.4850    Loss_Yolo 9.7121e+01
[Iter:3382] LR:8.938211579831945e-05 	    Time 1.1917    Loss_Yolo 2.8087e+01
[Iter:3383] LR:8.937606650842384e-05 	    Time 1.5775    Loss_Yolo 6.1421e+01
[Iter:3384] LR:8.937001570064992e-05 	    Time 1.3196    Loss_Yolo 3.6251e+01
[Iter:3385] LR:8.936396337523094e-05 	    Time 1.4921    Loss_Yolo 7.7685e+01
[Iter:3386] LR:8.935790953240026e-05 	    Time 1.2913    Loss_Yolo 5.1261e+01
[Iter:3387] LR:8.935185417239128e-05 	    Time 1.1769    Loss_Yolo 3.0246e+01
[Iter:3388] LR:8.934579729543743e-05 	    Time 1.3181    Loss_Yolo 5.7247e+01
[Iter:3389] LR:8.933973890177224e-05 	    Time 1.2450    Loss_Yolo 4.3981e+01
[Iter:3390] LR:8.933367899162927e-05 	    Time 1.2683    Loss_Yolo 5.5928e+01
[Iter:3391] LR:8.932761756524214e-05 	    Time 1.3827    Loss_Yolo 7.5430e+01
[Iter:3392] LR:8.932155462284457e-05 	    Time 1.2033    Loss_Yolo 3.8623e+01
[Iter:3393] LR:8.931549016467027e-05 	    Time 1.5689    Loss_Yolo 4.0779e+01
[Iter:3394] LR:8.930942419095304e-05 	    Time 2.0437    Loss_Yolo 5.8668e+01
[Iter:3395] LR:8.93033567019268e-05 	    Time 1.8218    Loss_Yolo 4.0588e+01
[Iter:3396] LR:8.929728769782541e-05 	    Time 2.2676    Loss_Yolo 4.6844e+01
[Iter:3397] LR:8.929121717888287e-05 	    Time 2.5519    Loss_Yolo 4.5863e+01
[Iter:3398] LR:8.928514514533322e-05 	    Time 1.9105    Loss_Yolo 3.6363e+01
[Iter:3399] LR:8.927907159741055e-05 	    Time 2.0435    Loss_Yolo 5.1891e+01
[Iter:3400] LR:8.927299653534903e-05 	    Time 1.7775    Loss_Yolo 4.3246e+01
[Iter:3400]     Time 1.8059    Loss_Yolo 5.1851e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2774e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 63.129082848044 to 62.774231405819165
Save model to ./models/Iter-03400-val_Loss_Yolo_62.7742.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03400-val_Loss_Yolo_62.7742.pth
[Iter:3401] LR:8.926691995938284e-05 	    Time 1.3245    Loss_Yolo 4.3530e+01
[Iter:3402] LR:8.926084186974629e-05 	    Time 1.3927    Loss_Yolo 6.7115e+01
[Iter:3403] LR:8.925476226667369e-05 	    Time 1.3765    Loss_Yolo 7.4466e+01
[Iter:3404] LR:8.924868115039943e-05 	    Time 1.2509    Loss_Yolo 4.3070e+01
[Iter:3405] LR:8.924259852115794e-05 	    Time 1.3753    Loss_Yolo 4.8061e+01
[Iter:3406] LR:8.923651437918375e-05 	    Time 1.1872    Loss_Yolo 3.5913e+01
[Iter:3407] LR:8.923042872471141e-05 	    Time 1.3881    Loss_Yolo 6.3410e+01
[Iter:3408] LR:8.922434155797556e-05 	    Time 1.2190    Loss_Yolo 3.2970e+01
[Iter:3409] LR:8.921825287921084e-05 	    Time 1.4296    Loss_Yolo 5.4732e+01
[Iter:3410] LR:8.921216268865202e-05 	    Time 1.2068    Loss_Yolo 2.8864e+01
[Iter:3411] LR:8.920607098653388e-05 	    Time 1.3041    Loss_Yolo 6.3444e+01
[Iter:3412] LR:8.919997777309129e-05 	    Time 1.2617    Loss_Yolo 4.4417e+01
[Iter:3413] LR:8.919388304855916e-05 	    Time 1.2909    Loss_Yolo 5.7366e+01
[Iter:3414] LR:8.918778681317243e-05 	    Time 1.3112    Loss_Yolo 5.4580e+01
[Iter:3415] LR:8.918168906716619e-05 	    Time 1.3472    Loss_Yolo 6.9472e+01
[Iter:3416] LR:8.917558981077546e-05 	    Time 1.3151    Loss_Yolo 6.0687e+01
[Iter:3417] LR:8.916948904423543e-05 	    Time 1.2187    Loss_Yolo 3.9155e+01
[Iter:3418] LR:8.916338676778128e-05 	    Time 1.2934    Loss_Yolo 4.6685e+01
[Iter:3419] LR:8.915728298164829e-05 	    Time 1.2554    Loss_Yolo 6.2172e+01
[Iter:3420] LR:8.915117768607178e-05 	    Time 1.1863    Loss_Yolo 2.7967e+01
[Iter:3421] LR:8.91450708812871e-05 	    Time 1.3252    Loss_Yolo 7.3103e+01
[Iter:3422] LR:8.913896256752972e-05 	    Time 1.2128    Loss_Yolo 3.7962e+01
[Iter:3423] LR:8.913285274503512e-05 	    Time 1.3964    Loss_Yolo 6.4075e+01
[Iter:3424] LR:8.912674141403885e-05 	    Time 1.2964    Loss_Yolo 6.8436e+01
[Iter:3425] LR:8.912062857477653e-05 	    Time 1.2968    Loss_Yolo 6.0112e+01
[Iter:3426] LR:8.911451422748382e-05 	    Time 1.2416    Loss_Yolo 3.2051e+01
[Iter:3427] LR:8.910839837239645e-05 	    Time 1.2391    Loss_Yolo 4.3512e+01
[Iter:3428] LR:8.910228100975022e-05 	    Time 1.3510    Loss_Yolo 7.2588e+01
[Iter:3429] LR:8.909616213978095e-05 	    Time 1.2372    Loss_Yolo 3.5541e+01
[Iter:3430] LR:8.909004176272455e-05 	    Time 1.3283    Loss_Yolo 6.1036e+01
[Iter:3431] LR:8.9083919878817e-05 	    Time 1.3696    Loss_Yolo 7.6249e+01
[Iter:3432] LR:8.907779648829428e-05 	    Time 1.2305    Loss_Yolo 3.9211e+01
[Iter:3433] LR:8.907167159139249e-05 	    Time 1.4103    Loss_Yolo 7.9065e+01
[Iter:3434] LR:8.906554518834776e-05 	    Time 1.2895    Loss_Yolo 5.8059e+01
[Iter:3435] LR:8.905941727939629e-05 	    Time 1.1927    Loss_Yolo 2.9538e+01
[Iter:3436] LR:8.905328786477431e-05 	    Time 1.2385    Loss_Yolo 3.4959e+01
[Iter:3437] LR:8.904715694471816e-05 	    Time 1.2885    Loss_Yolo 6.2934e+01
[Iter:3438] LR:8.904102451946417e-05 	    Time 1.2630    Loss_Yolo 5.1834e+01
[Iter:3439] LR:8.903489058924878e-05 	    Time 1.3800    Loss_Yolo 6.5735e+01
[Iter:3440] LR:8.902875515430847e-05 	    Time 1.3708    Loss_Yolo 7.2230e+01
[Iter:3440]     Time 1.2973    Loss_Yolo 5.3408e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3060e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03440-val_Loss_Yolo_63.0596.pth
[Iter:3441] LR:8.902261821487979e-05 	    Time 1.2833    Loss_Yolo 4.9280e+01
[Iter:3442] LR:8.901647977119933e-05 	    Time 1.3359    Loss_Yolo 5.1898e+01
[Iter:3443] LR:8.901033982350377e-05 	    Time 1.2448    Loss_Yolo 4.2409e+01
[Iter:3444] LR:8.900419837202977e-05 	    Time 1.2814    Loss_Yolo 4.8551e+01
[Iter:3445] LR:8.899805541701416e-05 	    Time 1.1961    Loss_Yolo 4.1030e+01
[Iter:3446] LR:8.899191095869373e-05 	    Time 1.2156    Loss_Yolo 3.6966e+01
[Iter:3447] LR:8.898576499730539e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 5.8329e+01
[Iter:3448] LR:8.897961753308607e-05 	    Time 1.3559    Loss_Yolo 7.6284e+01
[Iter:3449] LR:8.89734685662728e-05 	    Time 1.2136    Loss_Yolo 3.4298e+01
[Iter:3450] LR:8.896731809710262e-05 	    Time 1.2727    Loss_Yolo 4.7492e+01
[Iter:3451] LR:8.896116612581263e-05 	    Time 1.1830    Loss_Yolo 3.6595e+01
[Iter:3452] LR:8.895501265264006e-05 	    Time 1.2462    Loss_Yolo 5.0596e+01
[Iter:3453] LR:8.89488576778221e-05 	    Time 1.2755    Loss_Yolo 5.5846e+01
[Iter:3454] LR:8.894270120159609e-05 	    Time 1.2361    Loss_Yolo 4.6241e+01
[Iter:3455] LR:8.893654322419934e-05 	    Time 1.2310    Loss_Yolo 3.6101e+01
[Iter:3456] LR:8.893038374586926e-05 	    Time 1.1588    Loss_Yolo 2.4503e+01
[Iter:3457] LR:8.892422276684335e-05 	    Time 1.2309    Loss_Yolo 4.6708e+01
[Iter:3458] LR:8.891806028735911e-05 	    Time 1.2001    Loss_Yolo 4.9303e+01
[Iter:3459] LR:8.891189630765412e-05 	    Time 1.3961    Loss_Yolo 8.7965e+01
[Iter:3460] LR:8.890573082796602e-05 	    Time 1.2408    Loss_Yolo 4.5570e+01
[Iter:3461] LR:8.889956384853254e-05 	    Time 1.2432    Loss_Yolo 4.7993e+01
[Iter:3462] LR:8.88933953695914e-05 	    Time 1.1401    Loss_Yolo 2.2932e+01
[Iter:3463] LR:8.888722539138042e-05 	    Time 1.3307    Loss_Yolo 8.4621e+01
[Iter:3464] LR:8.888105391413751e-05 	    Time 1.1938    Loss_Yolo 4.3071e+01
[Iter:3465] LR:8.887488093810056e-05 	    Time 1.1520    Loss_Yolo 3.3657e+01
[Iter:3466] LR:8.886870646350757e-05 	    Time 1.2576    Loss_Yolo 5.8441e+01
[Iter:3467] LR:8.886253049059658e-05 	    Time 1.2382    Loss_Yolo 4.9553e+01
[Iter:3468] LR:8.885635301960569e-05 	    Time 1.3430    Loss_Yolo 7.8192e+01
[Iter:3469] LR:8.885017405077307e-05 	    Time 1.2560    Loss_Yolo 5.3818e+01
[Iter:3470] LR:8.884399358433693e-05 	    Time 1.3497    Loss_Yolo 6.2840e+01
[Iter:3471] LR:8.883781162053555e-05 	    Time 1.2530    Loss_Yolo 5.6427e+01
[Iter:3472] LR:8.883162815960729e-05 	    Time 1.2245    Loss_Yolo 4.6213e+01
[Iter:3473] LR:8.88254432017905e-05 	    Time 1.1524    Loss_Yolo 2.3679e+01
[Iter:3474] LR:8.881925674732366e-05 	    Time 1.2945    Loss_Yolo 7.4672e+01
[Iter:3475] LR:8.881306879644526e-05 	    Time 1.2204    Loss_Yolo 4.4321e+01
[Iter:3476] LR:8.880687934939385e-05 	    Time 1.2343    Loss_Yolo 4.5646e+01
[Iter:3477] LR:8.88006884064081e-05 	    Time 1.2363    Loss_Yolo 4.2423e+01
[Iter:3478] LR:8.879449596772665e-05 	    Time 1.1960    Loss_Yolo 3.8858e+01
[Iter:3479] LR:8.878830203358826e-05 	    Time 1.1716    Loss_Yolo 2.7580e+01
[Iter:3480] LR:8.878210660423171e-05 	    Time 1.2454    Loss_Yolo 4.7825e+01
[Iter:3480]     Time 1.2451    Loss_Yolo 4.8718e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3047e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03480-val_Loss_Yolo_63.0471.pth
[Iter:3481] LR:8.877590967989587e-05 	    Time 1.3298    Loss_Yolo 6.1332e+01
[Iter:3482] LR:8.876971126081964e-05 	    Time 1.3262    Loss_Yolo 6.8332e+01
[Iter:3483] LR:8.876351134724198e-05 	    Time 1.2872    Loss_Yolo 3.0178e+01
[Iter:3484] LR:8.875730993940193e-05 	    Time 1.3032    Loss_Yolo 3.8602e+01
[Iter:3485] LR:8.875110703753856e-05 	    Time 1.1803    Loss_Yolo 3.6951e+01
[Iter:3486] LR:8.874490264189104e-05 	    Time 1.3045    Loss_Yolo 5.6774e+01
[Iter:3487] LR:8.873869675269854e-05 	    Time 1.2276    Loss_Yolo 4.8001e+01
[Iter:3488] LR:8.87324893702003e-05 	    Time 1.3125    Loss_Yolo 6.4723e+01
[Iter:3489] LR:8.87262804946357e-05 	    Time 1.2735    Loss_Yolo 5.5387e+01
[Iter:3490] LR:8.872007012624406e-05 	    Time 1.4889    Loss_Yolo 3.9268e+01
[Iter:3491] LR:8.871385826526482e-05 	    Time 1.7617    Loss_Yolo 5.2034e+01
[Iter:3492] LR:8.870764491193745e-05 	    Time 2.3045    Loss_Yolo 7.4273e+01
[Iter:3493] LR:8.870143006650155e-05 	    Time 2.4179    Loss_Yolo 3.7803e+01
[Iter:3494] LR:8.869521372919666e-05 	    Time 2.0448    Loss_Yolo 5.7609e+01
[Iter:3495] LR:8.868899590026246e-05 	    Time 1.8762    Loss_Yolo 5.8191e+01
[Iter:3496] LR:8.868277657993869e-05 	    Time 1.4042    Loss_Yolo 2.5614e+01
[Iter:3497] LR:8.867655576846509e-05 	    Time 1.4940    Loss_Yolo 2.6630e+01
[Iter:3498] LR:8.86703334660815e-05 	    Time 1.8066    Loss_Yolo 3.4480e+01
[Iter:3499] LR:8.866410967302784e-05 	    Time 1.4078    Loss_Yolo 1.7570e+01
[Iter:3500] LR:8.865788438954401e-05 	    Time 1.5951    Loss_Yolo 8.6801e+01
[Iter:3501] LR:8.865165761587003e-05 	    Time 1.2890    Loss_Yolo 5.5632e+01
[Iter:3502] LR:8.864542935224599e-05 	    Time 1.2466    Loss_Yolo 4.4375e+01
[Iter:3503] LR:8.863919959891199e-05 	    Time 1.3730    Loss_Yolo 6.5483e+01
[Iter:3504] LR:8.863296835610818e-05 	    Time 1.2128    Loss_Yolo 3.4731e+01
[Iter:3505] LR:8.862673562407483e-05 	    Time 1.2758    Loss_Yolo 5.3894e+01
[Iter:3506] LR:8.862050140305222e-05 	    Time 1.3143    Loss_Yolo 5.7499e+01
[Iter:3507] LR:8.86142656932807e-05 	    Time 1.2734    Loss_Yolo 4.7720e+01
[Iter:3508] LR:8.860802849500069e-05 	    Time 1.4369    Loss_Yolo 7.9823e+01
[Iter:3509] LR:8.860178980845262e-05 	    Time 1.1749    Loss_Yolo 3.6603e+01
[Iter:3510] LR:8.859554963387703e-05 	    Time 1.2515    Loss_Yolo 5.6531e+01
[Iter:3511] LR:8.85893079715145e-05 	    Time 1.3355    Loss_Yolo 7.1039e+01
[Iter:3512] LR:8.858306482160566e-05 	    Time 1.2293    Loss_Yolo 3.5800e+01
[Iter:3513] LR:8.85768201843912e-05 	    Time 1.3219    Loss_Yolo 5.4294e+01
[Iter:3514] LR:8.85705740601119e-05 	    Time 1.0976    Loss_Yolo 1.9256e+01
[Iter:3515] LR:8.856432644900853e-05 	    Time 1.1483    Loss_Yolo 3.2708e+01
[Iter:3516] LR:8.855807735132196e-05 	    Time 1.4395    Loss_Yolo 6.2795e+01
[Iter:3517] LR:8.855182676729314e-05 	    Time 1.3214    Loss_Yolo 5.7423e+01
[Iter:3518] LR:8.854557469716301e-05 	    Time 1.1869    Loss_Yolo 3.6619e+01
[Iter:3519] LR:8.853932114117266e-05 	    Time 1.2016    Loss_Yolo 4.1809e+01
[Iter:3520] LR:8.853306609956312e-05 	    Time 1.3112    Loss_Yolo 5.7000e+01
[Iter:3520]     Time 1.4147    Loss_Yolo 4.9290e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3333e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03520-val_Loss_Yolo_63.3330.pth
[Iter:3521] LR:8.852680957257558e-05 	    Time 14.6559    Loss_Yolo 5.5644e+01
[Iter:3522] LR:8.852055156045127e-05 	    Time 2.0090    Loss_Yolo 4.1984e+01
[Iter:3523] LR:8.85142920634314e-05 	    Time 2.0559    Loss_Yolo 6.8660e+01
[Iter:3524] LR:8.850803108175733e-05 	    Time 1.1788    Loss_Yolo 2.8841e+01
[Iter:3525] LR:8.850176861567043e-05 	    Time 1.2176    Loss_Yolo 4.6052e+01
[Iter:3526] LR:8.849550466541215e-05 	    Time 1.2900    Loss_Yolo 5.3854e+01
[Iter:3527] LR:8.848923923122397e-05 	    Time 1.1350    Loss_Yolo 2.8505e+01
[Iter:3528] LR:8.848297231334744e-05 	    Time 1.2220    Loss_Yolo 4.7109e+01
[Iter:3529] LR:8.847670391202418e-05 	    Time 1.1391    Loss_Yolo 2.3808e+01
[Iter:3530] LR:8.847043402749585e-05 	    Time 1.3087    Loss_Yolo 5.8931e+01
[Iter:3531] LR:8.84641626600042e-05 	    Time 1.3631    Loss_Yolo 5.3967e+01
[Iter:3532] LR:8.845788980979096e-05 	    Time 1.2099    Loss_Yolo 4.1521e+01
[Iter:3533] LR:8.845161547709802e-05 	    Time 1.2852    Loss_Yolo 4.5099e+01
[Iter:3534] LR:8.844533966216725e-05 	    Time 1.2825    Loss_Yolo 4.6554e+01
[Iter:3535] LR:8.843906236524057e-05 	    Time 1.2258    Loss_Yolo 4.2115e+01
[Iter:3536] LR:8.843278358656007e-05 	    Time 1.3573    Loss_Yolo 7.1759e+01
[Iter:3537] LR:8.842650332636774e-05 	    Time 1.3310    Loss_Yolo 6.3370e+01
[Iter:3538] LR:8.842022158490574e-05 	    Time 1.2079    Loss_Yolo 3.8888e+01
[Iter:3539] LR:8.841393836241625e-05 	    Time 1.2839    Loss_Yolo 6.5976e+01
[Iter:3540] LR:8.84076536591415e-05 	    Time 1.2767    Loss_Yolo 6.0592e+01
[Iter:3541] LR:8.84013674753238e-05 	    Time 1.2378    Loss_Yolo 3.8445e+01
[Iter:3542] LR:8.839507981120545e-05 	    Time 1.3861    Loss_Yolo 7.1478e+01
[Iter:3543] LR:8.838879066702893e-05 	    Time 1.2332    Loss_Yolo 4.5767e+01
[Iter:3544] LR:8.838250004303668e-05 	    Time 1.3120    Loss_Yolo 5.5474e+01
[Iter:3545] LR:8.83762079394712e-05 	    Time 1.3124    Loss_Yolo 5.4061e+01
[Iter:3546] LR:8.836991435657511e-05 	    Time 1.2853    Loss_Yolo 5.0069e+01
[Iter:3547] LR:8.8363619294591e-05 	    Time 1.3188    Loss_Yolo 4.8367e+01
[Iter:3548] LR:8.835732275376162e-05 	    Time 1.2992    Loss_Yolo 4.6967e+01
[Iter:3549] LR:8.835102473432966e-05 	    Time 1.2114    Loss_Yolo 3.1691e+01
[Iter:3550] LR:8.8344725236538e-05 	    Time 1.2731    Loss_Yolo 6.0874e+01
[Iter:3551] LR:8.833842426062943e-05 	    Time 1.3176    Loss_Yolo 5.2493e+01
[Iter:3552] LR:8.833212180684692e-05 	    Time 1.2666    Loss_Yolo 4.9830e+01
[Iter:3553] LR:8.832581787543345e-05 	    Time 1.2804    Loss_Yolo 4.5768e+01
[Iter:3554] LR:8.831951246663203e-05 	    Time 1.2639    Loss_Yolo 4.5284e+01
[Iter:3555] LR:8.831320558068578e-05 	    Time 1.2692    Loss_Yolo 5.7773e+01
[Iter:3556] LR:8.830689721783783e-05 	    Time 1.1533    Loss_Yolo 2.3991e+01
[Iter:3557] LR:8.83005873783314e-05 	    Time 1.2287    Loss_Yolo 5.1702e+01
[Iter:3558] LR:8.829427606240974e-05 	    Time 1.2160    Loss_Yolo 4.1205e+01
[Iter:3559] LR:8.828796327031618e-05 	    Time 1.2565    Loss_Yolo 5.3025e+01
[Iter:3560] LR:8.828164900229412e-05 	    Time 1.1872    Loss_Yolo 3.7241e+01
[Iter:3560]     Time 1.6336    Loss_Yolo 4.8618e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3112e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03560-val_Loss_Yolo_63.1116.pth
[Iter:3561] LR:8.827533325858695e-05 	    Time 1.1837    Loss_Yolo 2.7906e+01
[Iter:3562] LR:8.826901603943819e-05 	    Time 1.3113    Loss_Yolo 5.1779e+01
[Iter:3563] LR:8.826269734509138e-05 	    Time 1.3383    Loss_Yolo 4.5529e+01
[Iter:3564] LR:8.825637717579014e-05 	    Time 1.3536    Loss_Yolo 6.1175e+01
[Iter:3565] LR:8.825005553177811e-05 	    Time 1.1940    Loss_Yolo 3.5932e+01
[Iter:3566] LR:8.824373241329902e-05 	    Time 1.2564    Loss_Yolo 4.0891e+01
[Iter:3567] LR:8.823740782059667e-05 	    Time 1.3257    Loss_Yolo 5.1322e+01
[Iter:3568] LR:8.823108175391484e-05 	    Time 1.3417    Loss_Yolo 6.9276e+01
[Iter:3569] LR:8.822475421349747e-05 	    Time 1.2418    Loss_Yolo 3.9088e+01
[Iter:3570] LR:8.821842519958847e-05 	    Time 1.3518    Loss_Yolo 6.4680e+01
[Iter:3571] LR:8.821209471243188e-05 	    Time 1.3484    Loss_Yolo 7.3225e+01
[Iter:3572] LR:8.820576275227173e-05 	    Time 1.1898    Loss_Yolo 3.9747e+01
[Iter:3573] LR:8.819942931935214e-05 	    Time 1.2932    Loss_Yolo 5.6599e+01
[Iter:3574] LR:8.819309441391729e-05 	    Time 1.2708    Loss_Yolo 3.9505e+01
[Iter:3575] LR:8.818675803621142e-05 	    Time 1.2761    Loss_Yolo 4.5402e+01
[Iter:3576] LR:8.81804201864788e-05 	    Time 1.4040    Loss_Yolo 6.5525e+01
[Iter:3577] LR:8.817408086496379e-05 	    Time 1.3073    Loss_Yolo 5.4860e+01
[Iter:3578] LR:8.816774007191078e-05 	    Time 1.1460    Loss_Yolo 2.4562e+01
[Iter:3579] LR:8.816139780756423e-05 	    Time 1.2636    Loss_Yolo 5.3570e+01
[Iter:3580] LR:8.815505407216863e-05 	    Time 1.2665    Loss_Yolo 5.7206e+01
[Iter:3581] LR:8.81487088659686e-05 	    Time 1.3277    Loss_Yolo 5.8201e+01
[Iter:3582] LR:8.814236218920874e-05 	    Time 1.2373    Loss_Yolo 4.6864e+01
[Iter:3583] LR:8.813601404213376e-05 	    Time 1.2231    Loss_Yolo 4.0106e+01
[Iter:3584] LR:8.812966442498836e-05 	    Time 1.1839    Loss_Yolo 4.1128e+01
[Iter:3585] LR:8.812331333801734e-05 	    Time 1.3181    Loss_Yolo 6.2734e+01
[Iter:3586] LR:8.811696078146558e-05 	    Time 1.3367    Loss_Yolo 3.0814e+01
[Iter:3587] LR:8.8110606755578e-05 	    Time 1.5359    Loss_Yolo 5.1348e+01
[Iter:3588] LR:8.810425126059953e-05 	    Time 1.2345    Loss_Yolo 3.3738e+01
[Iter:3589] LR:8.809789429677522e-05 	    Time 1.3224    Loss_Yolo 8.1857e+01
[Iter:3590] LR:8.809153586435013e-05 	    Time 1.3431    Loss_Yolo 7.3209e+01
[Iter:3591] LR:8.808517596356942e-05 	    Time 1.1519    Loss_Yolo 2.3009e+01
[Iter:3592] LR:8.807881459467828e-05 	    Time 1.2908    Loss_Yolo 6.5858e+01
[Iter:3593] LR:8.807245175792196e-05 	    Time 1.2970    Loss_Yolo 6.4531e+01
[Iter:3594] LR:8.806608745354577e-05 	    Time 1.2713    Loss_Yolo 4.8013e+01
[Iter:3595] LR:8.805972168179506e-05 	    Time 1.7189    Loss_Yolo 5.9636e+01
[Iter:3596] LR:8.805335444291525e-05 	    Time 1.7712    Loss_Yolo 3.8103e+01
[Iter:3597] LR:8.804698573715183e-05 	    Time 1.6157    Loss_Yolo 2.9598e+01
[Iter:3598] LR:8.804061556475033e-05 	    Time 2.0173    Loss_Yolo 5.5664e+01
[Iter:3599] LR:8.803424392595636e-05 	    Time 2.1038    Loss_Yolo 5.7537e+01
[Iter:3600] LR:8.802787082101552e-05 	    Time 2.0400    Loss_Yolo 5.0971e+01
OMP: Warning #190: Forking a process while a parallel region is active is potentially unsafe.
[Iter:3600]     Time 1.3751    Loss_Yolo 5.0267e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2616e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 62.774231405819165 to 62.616465849034924
Save model to ./models/Iter-03600-val_Loss_Yolo_62.6165.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03600-val_Loss_Yolo_62.6165.pth
[Iter:3601] LR:8.802149625017355e-05 	    Time 1.2159    Loss_Yolo 3.1960e+01
[Iter:3602] LR:8.80151202136762e-05 	    Time 1.4320    Loss_Yolo 7.3449e+01
[Iter:3603] LR:8.800874271176928e-05 	    Time 1.2206    Loss_Yolo 3.1530e+01
[Iter:3604] LR:8.800236374469867e-05 	    Time 1.2803    Loss_Yolo 4.3993e+01
[Iter:3605] LR:8.799598331271031e-05 	    Time 1.4101    Loss_Yolo 6.5930e+01
[Iter:3606] LR:8.798960141605015e-05 	    Time 1.3270    Loss_Yolo 3.0680e+01
[Iter:3607] LR:8.798321805496426e-05 	    Time 1.3094    Loss_Yolo 6.2295e+01
[Iter:3608] LR:8.797683322969874e-05 	    Time 1.3111    Loss_Yolo 4.4023e+01
[Iter:3609] LR:8.797044694049975e-05 	    Time 1.3682    Loss_Yolo 6.1919e+01
[Iter:3610] LR:8.796405918761347e-05 	    Time 1.3607    Loss_Yolo 4.0661e+01
[Iter:3611] LR:8.795766997128621e-05 	    Time 1.3661    Loss_Yolo 6.2502e+01
[Iter:3612] LR:8.795127929176425e-05 	    Time 1.3445    Loss_Yolo 6.0105e+01
[Iter:3613] LR:8.794488714929402e-05 	    Time 1.3144    Loss_Yolo 5.3333e+01
[Iter:3614] LR:8.793849354412191e-05 	    Time 1.4442    Loss_Yolo 8.0944e+01
[Iter:3615] LR:8.793209847649443e-05 	    Time 1.2168    Loss_Yolo 3.9897e+01
[Iter:3616] LR:8.792570194665814e-05 	    Time 1.1829    Loss_Yolo 3.5753e+01
[Iter:3617] LR:8.791930395485966e-05 	    Time 1.2112    Loss_Yolo 3.8238e+01
[Iter:3618] LR:8.791290450134562e-05 	    Time 1.2592    Loss_Yolo 4.7600e+01
[Iter:3619] LR:8.790650358636274e-05 	    Time 1.3648    Loss_Yolo 8.1555e+01
[Iter:3620] LR:8.790010121015782e-05 	    Time 1.2782    Loss_Yolo 5.0507e+01
[Iter:3621] LR:8.789369737297768e-05 	    Time 1.2594    Loss_Yolo 5.4295e+01
[Iter:3622] LR:8.788729207506919e-05 	    Time 1.2058    Loss_Yolo 4.9917e+01
[Iter:3623] LR:8.788088531667933e-05 	    Time 1.2931    Loss_Yolo 7.1905e+01
[Iter:3624] LR:8.787447709805508e-05 	    Time 1.2144    Loss_Yolo 3.6960e+01
[Iter:3625] LR:8.786806741944349e-05 	    Time 1.1951    Loss_Yolo 3.9505e+01
[Iter:3626] LR:8.78616562810917e-05 	    Time 1.3068    Loss_Yolo 5.5619e+01
[Iter:3627] LR:8.785524368324686e-05 	    Time 1.2043    Loss_Yolo 4.3744e+01
[Iter:3628] LR:8.784882962615619e-05 	    Time 1.1941    Loss_Yolo 3.3864e+01
[Iter:3629] LR:8.784241411006697e-05 	    Time 1.2951    Loss_Yolo 5.6896e+01
[Iter:3630] LR:8.783599713522656e-05 	    Time 1.2412    Loss_Yolo 5.1644e+01
[Iter:3631] LR:8.782957870188234e-05 	    Time 1.3390    Loss_Yolo 6.3589e+01
[Iter:3632] LR:8.782315881028177e-05 	    Time 1.2113    Loss_Yolo 4.4565e+01
[Iter:3633] LR:8.781673746067235e-05 	    Time 1.2152    Loss_Yolo 4.9607e+01
[Iter:3634] LR:8.781031465330164e-05 	    Time 1.2551    Loss_Yolo 5.7054e+01
[Iter:3635] LR:8.780389038841725e-05 	    Time 1.3103    Loss_Yolo 7.1494e+01
[Iter:3636] LR:8.779746466626688e-05 	    Time 1.2465    Loss_Yolo 5.1932e+01
[Iter:3637] LR:8.779103748709826e-05 	    Time 1.2231    Loss_Yolo 5.1242e+01
[Iter:3638] LR:8.778460885115916e-05 	    Time 1.3806    Loss_Yolo 6.3997e+01
[Iter:3639] LR:8.777817875869743e-05 	    Time 1.2112    Loss_Yolo 4.4643e+01
[Iter:3640] LR:8.777174720996098e-05 	    Time 1.2646    Loss_Yolo 5.2731e+01
[Iter:3640]     Time 1.2821    Loss_Yolo 5.2052e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2874e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03640-val_Loss_Yolo_62.8743.pth
[Iter:3641] LR:8.776531420519776e-05 	    Time 1.1939    Loss_Yolo 3.3527e+01
[Iter:3642] LR:8.775887974465578e-05 	    Time 1.3141    Loss_Yolo 6.5952e+01
[Iter:3643] LR:8.775244382858311e-05 	    Time 1.1994    Loss_Yolo 3.6264e+01
[Iter:3644] LR:8.774600645722787e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 6.6689e+01
[Iter:3645] LR:8.773956763083824e-05 	    Time 1.2959    Loss_Yolo 6.1137e+01
[Iter:3646] LR:8.773312734966248e-05 	    Time 1.1903    Loss_Yolo 3.1802e+01
[Iter:3647] LR:8.772668561394887e-05 	    Time 1.3026    Loss_Yolo 5.7576e+01
[Iter:3648] LR:8.772024242394574e-05 	    Time 1.3727    Loss_Yolo 6.6559e+01
[Iter:3649] LR:8.771379777990153e-05 	    Time 1.1958    Loss_Yolo 3.6990e+01
[Iter:3650] LR:8.770735168206466e-05 	    Time 1.4000    Loss_Yolo 7.8135e+01
[Iter:3651] LR:8.770090413068367e-05 	    Time 1.2665    Loss_Yolo 5.1547e+01
[Iter:3652] LR:8.769445512600713e-05 	    Time 1.2665    Loss_Yolo 5.6387e+01
[Iter:3653] LR:8.76880046682837e-05 	    Time 1.3225    Loss_Yolo 7.0830e+01
[Iter:3654] LR:8.768155275776201e-05 	    Time 1.3313    Loss_Yolo 5.5494e+01
[Iter:3655] LR:8.767509939469083e-05 	    Time 1.2425    Loss_Yolo 5.8871e+01
[Iter:3656] LR:8.766864457931897e-05 	    Time 1.2807    Loss_Yolo 5.7857e+01
[Iter:3657] LR:8.766218831189527e-05 	    Time 1.2242    Loss_Yolo 4.5341e+01
[Iter:3658] LR:8.765573059266864e-05 	    Time 1.2231    Loss_Yolo 4.4067e+01
[Iter:3659] LR:8.764927142188803e-05 	    Time 1.1524    Loss_Yolo 2.9735e+01
[Iter:3660] LR:8.764281079980249e-05 	    Time 1.3021    Loss_Yolo 6.4150e+01
[Iter:3661] LR:8.763634872666107e-05 	    Time 1.2238    Loss_Yolo 4.8309e+01
[Iter:3662] LR:8.762988520271291e-05 	    Time 1.3197    Loss_Yolo 5.9583e+01
[Iter:3663] LR:8.762342022820724e-05 	    Time 1.2974    Loss_Yolo 6.0954e+01
[Iter:3664] LR:8.761695380339325e-05 	    Time 1.1672    Loss_Yolo 3.0976e+01
[Iter:3665] LR:8.761048592852025e-05 	    Time 1.3133    Loss_Yolo 5.8308e+01
[Iter:3666] LR:8.760401660383763e-05 	    Time 1.2706    Loss_Yolo 4.8606e+01
[Iter:3667] LR:8.759754582959476e-05 	    Time 1.2018    Loss_Yolo 3.8701e+01
[Iter:3668] LR:8.759107360604115e-05 	    Time 1.2508    Loss_Yolo 5.5524e+01
[Iter:3669] LR:8.758459993342628e-05 	    Time 1.2687    Loss_Yolo 5.8372e+01
[Iter:3670] LR:8.757812481199977e-05 	    Time 1.1919    Loss_Yolo 4.0783e+01
[Iter:3671] LR:8.757164824201125e-05 	    Time 1.2394    Loss_Yolo 4.8425e+01
[Iter:3672] LR:8.756517022371039e-05 	    Time 1.4366    Loss_Yolo 7.8725e+01
[Iter:3673] LR:8.755869075734697e-05 	    Time 1.2552    Loss_Yolo 5.2772e+01
[Iter:3674] LR:8.755220984317076e-05 	    Time 1.3826    Loss_Yolo 8.1196e+01
[Iter:3675] LR:8.754572748143162e-05 	    Time 1.2288    Loss_Yolo 4.4382e+01
[Iter:3676] LR:8.75392436723795e-05 	    Time 1.3005    Loss_Yolo 5.6329e+01
[Iter:3677] LR:8.753275841626436e-05 	    Time 1.1951    Loss_Yolo 3.7652e+01
[Iter:3678] LR:8.752627171333619e-05 	    Time 1.2549    Loss_Yolo 4.4942e+01
[Iter:3679] LR:8.751978356384512e-05 	    Time 1.2462    Loss_Yolo 5.1764e+01
[Iter:3680] LR:8.751329396804128e-05 	    Time 1.2020    Loss_Yolo 3.5690e+01
[Iter:3680]     Time 1.2656    Loss_Yolo 5.2523e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2777e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03680-val_Loss_Yolo_62.7774.pth
[Iter:3681] LR:8.750680292617483e-05 	    Time 14.8253    Loss_Yolo 7.7236e+01
[Iter:3682] LR:8.750031043849605e-05 	    Time 2.3881    Loss_Yolo 4.4333e+01
[Iter:3683] LR:8.749381650525524e-05 	    Time 1.5229    Loss_Yolo 4.6969e+01
[Iter:3684] LR:8.748732112670278e-05 	    Time 1.4352    Loss_Yolo 5.6442e+01
[Iter:3685] LR:8.748082430308905e-05 	    Time 1.1529    Loss_Yolo 3.1069e+01
[Iter:3686] LR:8.747432603466454e-05 	    Time 1.3158    Loss_Yolo 3.9591e+01
[Iter:3687] LR:8.746782632167979e-05 	    Time 1.2433    Loss_Yolo 4.5931e+01
[Iter:3688] LR:8.746132516438538e-05 	    Time 1.2703    Loss_Yolo 4.7070e+01
[Iter:3689] LR:8.745482256303192e-05 	    Time 1.3358    Loss_Yolo 5.4950e+01
[Iter:3690] LR:8.744831851787014e-05 	    Time 1.2202    Loss_Yolo 3.3414e+01
[Iter:3691] LR:8.744181302915079e-05 	    Time 1.2794    Loss_Yolo 4.7746e+01
[Iter:3692] LR:8.743530609712466e-05 	    Time 1.4955    Loss_Yolo 3.9376e+01
[Iter:3693] LR:8.742879772204263e-05 	    Time 1.6228    Loss_Yolo 5.0364e+01
[Iter:3694] LR:8.742228790415561e-05 	    Time 1.8377    Loss_Yolo 4.6506e+01
[Iter:3695] LR:8.741577664371457e-05 	    Time 4.0124    Loss_Yolo 1.0972e+02
[Iter:3696] LR:8.740926394097054e-05 	    Time 1.9315    Loss_Yolo 4.1640e+01
[Iter:3697] LR:8.740274979617461e-05 	    Time 1.8577    Loss_Yolo 2.7065e+01
[Iter:3698] LR:8.739623420957793e-05 	    Time 1.5030    Loss_Yolo 2.5271e+01
[Iter:3699] LR:8.738971718143167e-05 	    Time 1.9623    Loss_Yolo 5.0119e+01
[Iter:3700] LR:8.738319871198709e-05 	    Time 2.1057    Loss_Yolo 4.6280e+01
[Iter:3701] LR:8.737667880149553e-05 	    Time 1.5519    Loss_Yolo 4.4537e+01
[Iter:3702] LR:8.737015745020832e-05 	    Time 1.3680    Loss_Yolo 3.9302e+01
[Iter:3703] LR:8.736363465837687e-05 	    Time 1.3929    Loss_Yolo 6.2722e+01
[Iter:3704] LR:8.735711042625269e-05 	    Time 1.2968    Loss_Yolo 3.9133e+01
[Iter:3705] LR:8.735058475408728e-05 	    Time 1.3027    Loss_Yolo 5.8167e+01
[Iter:3706] LR:8.734405764213225e-05 	    Time 1.2680    Loss_Yolo 5.2517e+01
[Iter:3707] LR:8.73375290906392e-05 	    Time 1.3057    Loss_Yolo 4.5332e+01
[Iter:3708] LR:8.733099909985987e-05 	    Time 1.1853    Loss_Yolo 2.8721e+01
[Iter:3709] LR:8.732446767004599e-05 	    Time 1.1989    Loss_Yolo 4.2311e+01
[Iter:3710] LR:8.731793480144937e-05 	    Time 1.4138    Loss_Yolo 5.3968e+01
[Iter:3711] LR:8.731140049432187e-05 	    Time 1.3583    Loss_Yolo 6.1880e+01
[Iter:3712] LR:8.730486474891544e-05 	    Time 1.2829    Loss_Yolo 4.4736e+01
[Iter:3713] LR:8.7298327565482e-05 	    Time 1.4894    Loss_Yolo 7.5411e+01
[Iter:3714] LR:8.729178894427359e-05 	    Time 1.4605    Loss_Yolo 6.7264e+01
[Iter:3715] LR:8.728524888554235e-05 	    Time 1.1756    Loss_Yolo 2.4228e+01
[Iter:3716] LR:8.727870738954034e-05 	    Time 1.3155    Loss_Yolo 4.8378e+01
[Iter:3717] LR:8.72721644565198e-05 	    Time 1.2814    Loss_Yolo 3.3320e+01
[Iter:3718] LR:8.726562008673298e-05 	    Time 1.3453    Loss_Yolo 5.1503e+01
[Iter:3719] LR:8.725907428043217e-05 	    Time 1.6208    Loss_Yolo 7.7204e+01
[Iter:3720] LR:8.725252703786976e-05 	    Time 1.2354    Loss_Yolo 3.8996e+01
[Iter:3720]     Time 1.8542    Loss_Yolo 4.8768e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2470e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 62.616465849034924 to 62.46981272977941
Save model to ./models/Iter-03720-val_Loss_Yolo_62.4698.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03720-val_Loss_Yolo_62.4698.pth
[Iter:3721] LR:8.724597835929814e-05 	    Time 1.2721    Loss_Yolo 5.3886e+01
[Iter:3722] LR:8.723942824496981e-05 	    Time 1.2822    Loss_Yolo 4.5723e+01
[Iter:3723] LR:8.723287669513726e-05 	    Time 1.1847    Loss_Yolo 3.8930e+01
[Iter:3724] LR:8.722632371005309e-05 	    Time 1.2481    Loss_Yolo 4.4138e+01
[Iter:3725] LR:8.721976928996994e-05 	    Time 1.3006    Loss_Yolo 5.1635e+01
[Iter:3726] LR:8.721321343514049e-05 	    Time 1.2896    Loss_Yolo 5.4199e+01
[Iter:3727] LR:8.720665614581752e-05 	    Time 1.2142    Loss_Yolo 3.2709e+01
[Iter:3728] LR:8.720009742225381e-05 	    Time 1.3862    Loss_Yolo 7.3459e+01
[Iter:3729] LR:8.719353726470221e-05 	    Time 1.1296    Loss_Yolo 2.3394e+01
[Iter:3730] LR:8.718697567341566e-05 	    Time 1.3726    Loss_Yolo 7.7305e+01
[Iter:3731] LR:8.718041264864713e-05 	    Time 1.2968    Loss_Yolo 5.9370e+01
[Iter:3732] LR:8.717384819064965e-05 	    Time 1.2650    Loss_Yolo 4.4048e+01
[Iter:3733] LR:8.716728229967624e-05 	    Time 1.2545    Loss_Yolo 5.0632e+01
[Iter:3734] LR:8.716071497598011e-05 	    Time 1.2894    Loss_Yolo 5.1925e+01
[Iter:3735] LR:8.715414621981443e-05 	    Time 1.2459    Loss_Yolo 4.6317e+01
[Iter:3736] LR:8.714757603143242e-05 	    Time 1.3177    Loss_Yolo 5.8791e+01
[Iter:3737] LR:8.71410044110874e-05 	    Time 1.2126    Loss_Yolo 4.3350e+01
[Iter:3738] LR:8.713443135903273e-05 	    Time 1.2706    Loss_Yolo 4.3861e+01
[Iter:3739] LR:8.712785687552181e-05 	    Time 1.1705    Loss_Yolo 2.7502e+01
[Iter:3740] LR:8.712128096080812e-05 	    Time 1.2600    Loss_Yolo 4.7246e+01
[Iter:3741] LR:8.711470361514519e-05 	    Time 1.3479    Loss_Yolo 7.8334e+01
[Iter:3742] LR:8.710812483878657e-05 	    Time 1.1715    Loss_Yolo 3.2086e+01
[Iter:3743] LR:8.710154463198592e-05 	    Time 1.2190    Loss_Yolo 4.1494e+01
[Iter:3744] LR:8.709496299499689e-05 	    Time 1.2620    Loss_Yolo 5.1869e+01
[Iter:3745] LR:8.708837992807327e-05 	    Time 1.1973    Loss_Yolo 3.5168e+01
[Iter:3746] LR:8.708179543146882e-05 	    Time 1.2116    Loss_Yolo 4.1166e+01
[Iter:3747] LR:8.707520950543743e-05 	    Time 1.2224    Loss_Yolo 4.3532e+01
[Iter:3748] LR:8.706862215023297e-05 	    Time 1.1891    Loss_Yolo 3.4668e+01
[Iter:3749] LR:8.706203336610942e-05 	    Time 1.2736    Loss_Yolo 5.5854e+01
[Iter:3750] LR:8.70554431533208e-05 	    Time 1.2853    Loss_Yolo 5.3350e+01
[Iter:3751] LR:8.704885151212119e-05 	    Time 1.2292    Loss_Yolo 4.2881e+01
[Iter:3752] LR:8.704225844276469e-05 	    Time 1.1974    Loss_Yolo 3.5836e+01
[Iter:3753] LR:8.703566394550553e-05 	    Time 1.2274    Loss_Yolo 5.0644e+01
[Iter:3754] LR:8.70290680205979e-05 	    Time 1.3253    Loss_Yolo 5.7696e+01
[Iter:3755] LR:8.702247066829612e-05 	    Time 1.2177    Loss_Yolo 3.8754e+01
[Iter:3756] LR:8.701587188885455e-05 	    Time 1.2683    Loss_Yolo 4.0939e+01
[Iter:3757] LR:8.700927168252756e-05 	    Time 1.3203    Loss_Yolo 6.7299e+01
[Iter:3758] LR:8.700267004956963e-05 	    Time 1.2727    Loss_Yolo 4.0949e+01
[Iter:3759] LR:8.699606699023528e-05 	    Time 1.3053    Loss_Yolo 5.5797e+01
[Iter:3760] LR:8.698946250477905e-05 	    Time 1.3426    Loss_Yolo 6.8542e+01
[Iter:3760]     Time 1.2587    Loss_Yolo 4.8382e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3172e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03760-val_Loss_Yolo_63.1722.pth
[Iter:3761] LR:8.698285659345559e-05 	    Time 1.3030    Loss_Yolo 4.7098e+01
[Iter:3762] LR:8.697624925651959e-05 	    Time 1.3191    Loss_Yolo 4.9543e+01
[Iter:3763] LR:8.696964049422574e-05 	    Time 1.3495    Loss_Yolo 7.7721e+01
[Iter:3764] LR:8.696303030682888e-05 	    Time 1.3259    Loss_Yolo 5.1742e+01
[Iter:3765] LR:8.695641869458379e-05 	    Time 1.2548    Loss_Yolo 3.9604e+01
[Iter:3766] LR:8.694980565774543e-05 	    Time 1.3284    Loss_Yolo 6.8121e+01
[Iter:3767] LR:8.694319119656872e-05 	    Time 1.3438    Loss_Yolo 5.8921e+01
[Iter:3768] LR:8.693657531130869e-05 	    Time 1.3096    Loss_Yolo 6.0964e+01
[Iter:3769] LR:8.692995800222038e-05 	    Time 1.2869    Loss_Yolo 6.6428e+01
[Iter:3770] LR:8.692333926955893e-05 	    Time 1.2384    Loss_Yolo 5.3043e+01
[Iter:3771] LR:8.69167191135795e-05 	    Time 1.3113    Loss_Yolo 5.8053e+01
[Iter:3772] LR:8.69100975345373e-05 	    Time 1.3192    Loss_Yolo 6.2431e+01
[Iter:3773] LR:8.690347453268764e-05 	    Time 1.1756    Loss_Yolo 3.5989e+01
[Iter:3774] LR:8.689685010828585e-05 	    Time 1.2424    Loss_Yolo 4.6797e+01
[Iter:3775] LR:8.689022426158733e-05 	    Time 1.2885    Loss_Yolo 6.5629e+01
[Iter:3776] LR:8.688359699284752e-05 	    Time 1.2640    Loss_Yolo 5.1607e+01
[Iter:3777] LR:8.687696830232191e-05 	    Time 1.1974    Loss_Yolo 3.4176e+01
[Iter:3778] LR:8.687033819026607e-05 	    Time 1.2006    Loss_Yolo 4.1640e+01
[Iter:3779] LR:8.68637066569356e-05 	    Time 1.1988    Loss_Yolo 4.0269e+01
[Iter:3780] LR:8.68570737025862e-05 	    Time 1.2407    Loss_Yolo 5.3858e+01
[Iter:3781] LR:8.685043932747355e-05 	    Time 1.3329    Loss_Yolo 6.3860e+01
[Iter:3782] LR:8.684380353185345e-05 	    Time 1.2665    Loss_Yolo 5.0490e+01
[Iter:3783] LR:8.683716631598172e-05 	    Time 1.3529    Loss_Yolo 7.6088e+01
[Iter:3784] LR:8.683052768011425e-05 	    Time 1.2116    Loss_Yolo 4.1608e+01
[Iter:3785] LR:8.682388762450698e-05 	    Time 1.3611    Loss_Yolo 8.1177e+01
[Iter:3786] LR:8.681724614941589e-05 	    Time 1.2578    Loss_Yolo 4.6583e+01
[Iter:3787] LR:8.681060325509707e-05 	    Time 1.2971    Loss_Yolo 6.0401e+01
[Iter:3788] LR:8.680395894180659e-05 	    Time 1.3156    Loss_Yolo 6.7263e+01
[Iter:3789] LR:8.679731320980061e-05 	    Time 1.4408    Loss_Yolo 1.0933e+02
[Iter:3790] LR:8.679066605933536e-05 	    Time 1.3429    Loss_Yolo 8.1047e+01
[Iter:3791] LR:8.678401749066709e-05 	    Time 1.2965    Loss_Yolo 5.4481e+01
[Iter:3792] LR:8.677736750405215e-05 	    Time 1.1889    Loss_Yolo 3.2861e+01
[Iter:3793] LR:8.67707160997469e-05 	    Time 1.2492    Loss_Yolo 3.6476e+01
[Iter:3794] LR:8.676406327800776e-05 	    Time 1.3070    Loss_Yolo 5.4082e+01
[Iter:3795] LR:8.675740903909125e-05 	    Time 1.2347    Loss_Yolo 4.0454e+01
[Iter:3796] LR:8.675075338325387e-05 	    Time 1.2876    Loss_Yolo 6.4610e+01
[Iter:3797] LR:8.674409631075226e-05 	    Time 1.1798    Loss_Yolo 2.2269e+01
[Iter:3798] LR:8.673743782184302e-05 	    Time 1.2750    Loss_Yolo 6.0256e+01
[Iter:3799] LR:8.673077791678292e-05 	    Time 1.3069    Loss_Yolo 5.7023e+01
[Iter:3800] LR:8.672411659582867e-05 	    Time 1.2126    Loss_Yolo 4.1406e+01
[Iter:3800]     Time 1.2804    Loss_Yolo 5.5135e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3047e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03800-val_Loss_Yolo_63.0468.pth
[Iter:3801] LR:8.67174538592371e-05 	    Time 1.5853    Loss_Yolo 8.4815e+01
[Iter:3802] LR:8.671078970726509e-05 	    Time 1.3104    Loss_Yolo 5.3837e+01
[Iter:3803] LR:8.670412414016955e-05 	    Time 1.2007    Loss_Yolo 3.1417e+01
[Iter:3804] LR:8.669745715820746e-05 	    Time 1.4290    Loss_Yolo 8.5523e+01
[Iter:3805] LR:8.669078876163585e-05 	    Time 1.3476    Loss_Yolo 5.7294e+01
[Iter:3806] LR:8.668411895071183e-05 	    Time 1.4099    Loss_Yolo 7.0088e+01
[Iter:3807] LR:8.667744772569251e-05 	    Time 1.1660    Loss_Yolo 3.0297e+01
[Iter:3808] LR:8.667077508683514e-05 	    Time 1.3958    Loss_Yolo 8.5768e+01
[Iter:3809] LR:8.66641010343969e-05 	    Time 1.2153    Loss_Yolo 3.3033e+01
[Iter:3810] LR:8.665742556863514e-05 	    Time 1.3544    Loss_Yolo 4.9407e+01
[Iter:3811] LR:8.66507486898072e-05 	    Time 1.1986    Loss_Yolo 3.4668e+01
[Iter:3812] LR:8.664407039817051e-05 	    Time 1.3936    Loss_Yolo 8.1369e+01
[Iter:3813] LR:8.663739069398251e-05 	    Time 1.3015    Loss_Yolo 6.4623e+01
[Iter:3814] LR:8.663070957750079e-05 	    Time 1.4046    Loss_Yolo 6.8314e+01
[Iter:3815] LR:8.662402704898288e-05 	    Time 1.2044    Loss_Yolo 4.4648e+01
[Iter:3816] LR:8.66173431086864e-05 	    Time 1.2465    Loss_Yolo 4.6759e+01
[Iter:3817] LR:8.661065775686906e-05 	    Time 1.2852    Loss_Yolo 5.8071e+01
[Iter:3818] LR:8.660397099378859e-05 	    Time 1.3817    Loss_Yolo 3.5955e+01
[Iter:3819] LR:8.659728281970281e-05 	    Time 1.2337    Loss_Yolo 4.4456e+01
[Iter:3820] LR:8.659059323486952e-05 	    Time 1.2039    Loss_Yolo 4.6004e+01
[Iter:3821] LR:8.658390223954669e-05 	    Time 1.3142    Loss_Yolo 5.2496e+01
[Iter:3822] LR:8.657720983399222e-05 	    Time 1.3285    Loss_Yolo 4.9867e+01
[Iter:3823] LR:8.657051601846416e-05 	    Time 1.1864    Loss_Yolo 3.9467e+01
[Iter:3824] LR:8.656382079322057e-05 	    Time 1.2353    Loss_Yolo 4.5822e+01
[Iter:3825] LR:8.655712415851957e-05 	    Time 1.2717    Loss_Yolo 5.3831e+01
[Iter:3826] LR:8.655042611461931e-05 	    Time 1.1868    Loss_Yolo 2.6758e+01
[Iter:3827] LR:8.654372666177807e-05 	    Time 1.1859    Loss_Yolo 3.6949e+01
[Iter:3828] LR:8.65370258002541e-05 	    Time 1.3370    Loss_Yolo 5.6211e+01
[Iter:3829] LR:8.653032353030575e-05 	    Time 1.1931    Loss_Yolo 3.1476e+01
[Iter:3830] LR:8.652361985219142e-05 	    Time 1.1368    Loss_Yolo 2.1337e+01
[Iter:3831] LR:8.651691476616955e-05 	    Time 1.2851    Loss_Yolo 4.7214e+01
[Iter:3832] LR:8.651020827249864e-05 	    Time 1.4302    Loss_Yolo 9.0097e+01
[Iter:3833] LR:8.650350037143725e-05 	    Time 1.1947    Loss_Yolo 3.6697e+01
[Iter:3834] LR:8.649679106324398e-05 	    Time 1.1717    Loss_Yolo 2.9926e+01
[Iter:3835] LR:8.649008034817751e-05 	    Time 1.2447    Loss_Yolo 4.7091e+01
[Iter:3836] LR:8.648336822649657e-05 	    Time 1.2272    Loss_Yolo 3.7100e+01
[Iter:3837] LR:8.647665469845989e-05 	    Time 1.2925    Loss_Yolo 5.3447e+01
[Iter:3838] LR:8.646993976432635e-05 	    Time 1.2500    Loss_Yolo 4.1724e+01
[Iter:3839] LR:8.64632234243548e-05 	    Time 1.2370    Loss_Yolo 3.6351e+01
[Iter:3840] LR:8.645650567880417e-05 	    Time 1.4316    Loss_Yolo 7.5526e+01
[Iter:3840]     Time 1.2852    Loss_Yolo 5.0393e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2306e+01
val_Loss_Yolo improve from 62.46981272977941 to 62.30560212976792
Save model to ./models/Iter-03840-val_Loss_Yolo_62.3056.pth
Save model to ./models/Iter-03840-val_Loss_Yolo_62.3056.pth
[Iter:3841] LR:8.644978652793348e-05 	    Time 11.0619    Loss_Yolo 3.6869e+01
[Iter:3842] LR:8.644306597200175e-05 	    Time 2.4776    Loss_Yolo 4.4034e+01
[Iter:3843] LR:8.643634401126808e-05 	    Time 2.4969    Loss_Yolo 1.0049e+02
[Iter:3844] LR:8.642962064599163e-05 	    Time 1.5263    Loss_Yolo 4.3488e+01
[Iter:3845] LR:8.64228958764316e-05 	    Time 1.4381    Loss_Yolo 2.5233e+01
[Iter:3846] LR:8.641616970284727e-05 	    Time 1.4375    Loss_Yolo 8.9367e+01
[Iter:3847] LR:8.640944212549795e-05 	    Time 1.2052    Loss_Yolo 3.9133e+01
[Iter:3848] LR:8.640271314464299e-05 	    Time 1.1587    Loss_Yolo 2.4714e+01
[Iter:3849] LR:8.639598276054181e-05 	    Time 1.2537    Loss_Yolo 5.0778e+01
[Iter:3850] LR:8.638925097345391e-05 	    Time 1.2678    Loss_Yolo 5.0444e+01
[Iter:3851] LR:8.638251778363883e-05 	    Time 1.3040    Loss_Yolo 5.8862e+01
[Iter:3852] LR:8.637578319135611e-05 	    Time 1.3546    Loss_Yolo 5.9483e+01
[Iter:3853] LR:8.636904719686545e-05 	    Time 1.2880    Loss_Yolo 3.6862e+01
[Iter:3854] LR:8.63623098004265e-05 	    Time 1.3865    Loss_Yolo 6.6941e+01
[Iter:3855] LR:8.6355571002299e-05 	    Time 1.2612    Loss_Yolo 4.8359e+01
[Iter:3856] LR:8.63488308027428e-05 	    Time 1.4063    Loss_Yolo 6.4379e+01
[Iter:3857] LR:8.634208920201771e-05 	    Time 1.2487    Loss_Yolo 2.7160e+01
[Iter:3858] LR:8.633534620038367e-05 	    Time 1.2521    Loss_Yolo 5.0957e+01
[Iter:3859] LR:8.632860179810063e-05 	    Time 1.3607    Loss_Yolo 6.5870e+01
[Iter:3860] LR:8.632185599542861e-05 	    Time 1.3455    Loss_Yolo 6.9601e+01
[Iter:3861] LR:8.631510879262766e-05 	    Time 1.2657    Loss_Yolo 3.8236e+01
[Iter:3862] LR:8.630836018995795e-05 	    Time 1.2514    Loss_Yolo 4.4917e+01
[Iter:3863] LR:8.630161018767963e-05 	    Time 1.2850    Loss_Yolo 5.8429e+01
[Iter:3864] LR:8.629485878605293e-05 	    Time 1.3362    Loss_Yolo 6.6465e+01
[Iter:3865] LR:8.628810598533817e-05 	    Time 1.1756    Loss_Yolo 2.2782e+01
[Iter:3866] LR:8.628135178579565e-05 	    Time 1.3114    Loss_Yolo 5.9840e+01
[Iter:3867] LR:8.627459618768582e-05 	    Time 1.2693    Loss_Yolo 4.0551e+01
[Iter:3868] LR:8.626783919126905e-05 	    Time 1.2867    Loss_Yolo 5.1826e+01
[Iter:3869] LR:8.626108079680592e-05 	    Time 1.2498    Loss_Yolo 3.4419e+01
[Iter:3870] LR:8.625432100455695e-05 	    Time 1.3324    Loss_Yolo 6.5971e+01
[Iter:3871] LR:8.624755981478275e-05 	    Time 1.2794    Loss_Yolo 4.3930e+01
[Iter:3872] LR:8.624079722774399e-05 	    Time 1.5343    Loss_Yolo 8.6332e+01
[Iter:3873] LR:8.62340332437014e-05 	    Time 1.3066    Loss_Yolo 4.7996e+01
[Iter:3874] LR:8.622726786291575e-05 	    Time 1.2721    Loss_Yolo 5.5258e+01
[Iter:3875] LR:8.622050108564785e-05 	    Time 1.2129    Loss_Yolo 3.7802e+01
[Iter:3876] LR:8.62137329121586e-05 	    Time 1.4095    Loss_Yolo 7.0219e+01
[Iter:3877] LR:8.620696334270892e-05 	    Time 1.1887    Loss_Yolo 3.2039e+01
[Iter:3878] LR:8.62001923775598e-05 	    Time 1.2169    Loss_Yolo 4.6933e+01
[Iter:3879] LR:8.61934200169723e-05 	    Time 1.1478    Loss_Yolo 1.8705e+01
[Iter:3880] LR:8.618664626120748e-05 	    Time 1.2379    Loss_Yolo 4.6237e+01
[Iter:3880]     Time 1.6025    Loss_Yolo 5.0548e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.2535e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03880-val_Loss_Yolo_62.5349.pth
[Iter:3881] LR:8.617987111052652e-05 	    Time 1.2651    Loss_Yolo 4.2844e+01
[Iter:3882] LR:8.617309456519063e-05 	    Time 1.2599    Loss_Yolo 4.6013e+01
[Iter:3883] LR:8.616631662546104e-05 	    Time 1.4344    Loss_Yolo 9.0492e+01
[Iter:3884] LR:8.615953729159907e-05 	    Time 1.2857    Loss_Yolo 5.7040e+01
[Iter:3885] LR:8.615275656386609e-05 	    Time 1.4214    Loss_Yolo 7.1915e+01
[Iter:3886] LR:8.614597444252352e-05 	    Time 1.4014    Loss_Yolo 3.9519e+01
[Iter:3887] LR:8.613919092783283e-05 	    Time 1.4791    Loss_Yolo 4.1798e+01
[Iter:3888] LR:8.613240602005553e-05 	    Time 1.3117    Loss_Yolo 5.6563e+01
[Iter:3889] LR:8.612561971945322e-05 	    Time 1.2597    Loss_Yolo 4.3365e+01
[Iter:3890] LR:8.611883202628753e-05 	    Time 1.1376    Loss_Yolo 1.7507e+01
[Iter:3891] LR:8.611204294082016e-05 	    Time 1.2661    Loss_Yolo 3.7006e+01
[Iter:3892] LR:8.61052524633128e-05 	    Time 1.2901    Loss_Yolo 5.5601e+01
[Iter:3893] LR:8.60984605940273e-05 	    Time 1.3946    Loss_Yolo 7.7401e+01
[Iter:3894] LR:8.609166733322548e-05 	    Time 1.3259    Loss_Yolo 6.9081e+01
[Iter:3895] LR:8.608487268116924e-05 	    Time 2.3438    Loss_Yolo 5.9375e+01
[Iter:3896] LR:8.607807663812054e-05 	    Time 2.7650    Loss_Yolo 6.3527e+01
[Iter:3897] LR:8.607127920434142e-05 	    Time 2.2579    Loss_Yolo 3.5468e+01
[Iter:3898] LR:8.606448038009389e-05 	    Time 2.9015    Loss_Yolo 5.6059e+01
[Iter:3899] LR:8.60576801656401e-05 	    Time 2.2328    Loss_Yolo 5.4566e+01
[Iter:3900] LR:8.605087856124221e-05 	    Time 2.0504    Loss_Yolo 8.7447e+01
[Iter:3901] LR:8.604407556716244e-05 	    Time 1.7234    Loss_Yolo 4.2532e+01
[Iter:3902] LR:8.603727118366305e-05 	    Time 1.6605    Loss_Yolo 3.5949e+01
[Iter:3903] LR:8.603046541100642e-05 	    Time 1.6095    Loss_Yolo 4.0889e+01
[Iter:3904] LR:8.602365824945489e-05 	    Time 1.5697    Loss_Yolo 6.0397e+01
[Iter:3905] LR:8.60168496992709e-05 	    Time 1.3367    Loss_Yolo 2.3726e+01
[Iter:3906] LR:8.601003976071696e-05 	    Time 1.3799    Loss_Yolo 4.8960e+01
[Iter:3907] LR:8.600322843405563e-05 	    Time 1.2349    Loss_Yolo 3.8277e+01
[Iter:3908] LR:8.599641571954946e-05 	    Time 1.3621    Loss_Yolo 6.4896e+01
[Iter:3909] LR:8.598960161746114e-05 	    Time 1.3527    Loss_Yolo 7.3413e+01
[Iter:3910] LR:8.598278612805335e-05 	    Time 1.3006    Loss_Yolo 6.7759e+01
[Iter:3911] LR:8.597596925158886e-05 	    Time 1.3292    Loss_Yolo 6.7740e+01
[Iter:3912] LR:8.59691509883305e-05 	    Time 1.4120    Loss_Yolo 6.7587e+01
[Iter:3913] LR:8.59623313385411e-05 	    Time 1.3802    Loss_Yolo 6.8283e+01
[Iter:3914] LR:8.59555103024836e-05 	    Time 1.3778    Loss_Yolo 6.2104e+01
[Iter:3915] LR:8.594868788042097e-05 	    Time 1.2638    Loss_Yolo 4.5256e+01
[Iter:3916] LR:8.594186407261624e-05 	    Time 1.3550    Loss_Yolo 7.0151e+01
[Iter:3917] LR:8.593503887933248e-05 	    Time 1.2082    Loss_Yolo 3.0794e+01
[Iter:3918] LR:8.592821230083283e-05 	    Time 1.3359    Loss_Yolo 6.1998e+01
[Iter:3919] LR:8.592138433738046e-05 	    Time 1.2849    Loss_Yolo 4.0367e+01
[Iter:3920] LR:8.591455498923863e-05 	    Time 1.2720    Loss_Yolo 4.2756e+01
[Iter:3920]     Time 1.5208    Loss_Yolo 5.3910e+01    val_Loss_Yolo 6.3394e+01
val_Loss_Yolo did not improve
Save model to ./models/Iter-03920-val_Loss_Yolo_63.3938.pth
[Iter:3921] LR:8.590772425667063e-05 	    Time 1.1861    Loss_Yolo 3.3314e+01
[Iter:3922] LR:8.590089213993979e-05 	    Time 1.2135    Loss_Yolo 4.7995e+01
[Iter:3923] LR:8.589405863930953e-05 	    Time 1.2929    Loss_Yolo 6.3305e+01
[Iter:3924] LR:8.58872237550433e-05 	    Time 1.2163    Loss_Yolo 4.7246e+01
[Iter:3925] LR:8.588038748740459e-05 	    Time 1.1951    Loss_Yolo 3.9482e+01
[Iter:3926] LR:8.587354983665697e-05 	    Time 1.3690    Loss_Yolo 9.1536e+01
[Iter:3927] LR:8.586671080306405e-05 	    Time 1.3336    Loss_Yolo 7.0240e+01
[Iter:3928] LR:8.58598703868895e-05 	    Time 1.1597    Loss_Yolo 3.4730e+01
[Iter:3929] LR:8.585302858839704e-05 	    Time 1.2782    Loss_Yolo 4.8825e+01
[Iter:3930] LR:8.584618540785044e-05 	    Time 1.1912    Loss_Yolo 3.2192e+01
[Iter:3931] LR:8.583934084551353e-05 	    Time 1.2047    Loss_Yolo 4.4823e+01
[Iter:3932] LR:8.583249490165018e-05 	    Time 1.4342    Loss_Yolo 7.4103e+01
[Iter:3933] LR:8.582564757652433e-05 	    Time 1.2822    Loss_Yolo 6.4433e+01
[Iter:3934] LR:8.581879887039998e-05 	    Time 1.2373    Loss_Yolo 3.5045e+01
[Iter:3935] LR:8.581194878354114e-05 	    Time 1.4033    Loss_Yolo 7.9578e+01
[Iter:3936] LR:8.580509731621192e-05 	    Time 1.3165    Loss_Yolo 7.4300e+01
[Iter:3937] LR:8.579824446867644e-05 	    Time 1.1390    Loss_Yolo 2.9406e+01
[Iter:3938] LR:8.579139024119895e-05 	    Time 1.1702    Loss_Yolo 3.1381e+01
[Iter:3939] LR:8.578453463404368e-05 	    Time 1.2464    Loss_Yolo 6.4473e+01
[Iter:3940] LR:8.577767764747489e-05 	    Time 1.2999    Loss_Yolo 6.7901e+01
[Iter:3941] LR:8.5770819281757e-05 	    Time 1.1944    Loss_Yolo 3.9744e+01
